Ebola virus disease (EVD), or simply Ebola, is a viral haemorrhagic fever of humans and other primates caused by ebolaviruses. 
Signs and symptoms typically start between two days and three weeks after contracting the virus with a fever, sore throat, muscular pain, and headaches. 
Vomiting, diarrhoea and rash usually follow, along with decreased function of the liver and kidneys. 
At this time, some people begin to bleed both internally and externally.
The disease has a high risk of death, killing 25% to 90% of those infected, with an average of about 50%. 
This is often due to low blood pressure from fluid loss, and typically follows six to 16 days after symptoms appear.
The virus spreads through direct contact with body fluids, such as blood from infected humans or other animals. 
Spread may also occur from contact with items recently contaminated with bodily fluids. 
Spread of the disease through the air between primates, including humans, has not been documented in either laboratory or natural conditions. 
Semen or breast milk of a person after recovery from EVD may carry the virus for several weeks to months. 
Fruit bats are believed to be the normal carrier in nature, able to spread the virus without being affected by it. 
Other diseases such as malaria, cholera, typhoid fever, meningitis and other viral haemorrhagic fevers may resemble EVD. 
Blood samples are tested for viral RNA, viral antibodies or for the virus itself to confirm the diagnosis.
The disease was first identified in 1976, in two simultaneous outbreaks: one in Nzara (a town in South Sudan) and the other in Yambuku (Democratic Republic of the Congo), a village near the Ebola River from which the disease takes its name. 
EVD outbreaks occur intermittently in tropical regions of sub-Saharan Africa. 
Between 1976 and 2013, the World Health Organization reports 24 outbreaks involving 2,387 cases with 1,590 deaths. 
The largest outbreak to date was the epidemic in West Africa, which occurred from December 2013 to January 2016, with 28,646 cases and 11,323 deaths. 
It was declared no longer an emergency on 29 March 2016. 
Other outbreaks in Africa began in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in May 2017, and 2018.
 In July 2019, the World Health Organization declared the Congo Ebola outbreak a world health emergency.
The Trump wall, commonly referred to as "The Wall", was an expansion of the Mexico–United States barrier during the U.S. presidency of Donald Trump.
Throughout his 2016 presidential campaign, Trump called for the construction of a border wall. 
He said that, if elected, he would "build the wall and make Mexico pay for it". 
Then-Mexican president Enrique Peña Nieto said that Mexico would not pay for the wall.
In January 2017, Trump signed Executive Order 13767, which formally directed the U.S. government to begin wall construction along the U.S.–Mexico border using existing federal funding. 
After a political struggle for funding, including an appropriations lapse resulting in a government shutdown for 35 days, and the declaration of a national emergency, construction started in 2019.
The U.S. built new barriers along 455 miles, 49 miles of which previously had no barrier. 
Much of the remainder consists of 30-foot-tall steel fencing where previously there had been smaller fencing to deter automobiles.
Additionally, a private organization called We Build the Wall constructed under five miles (8.0 km) of new wall on private property near El Paso, Texas, with Trump's encouragement.
Initially, On January 20, 2021, newly inaugurated U.S. president Joe Biden terminated the national emergency and halted construction of the wall,but the Secretary of Homeland Security later hinted that the construction of the wall may continue under Biden's administration.
Napoleon Bonaparte (born Napoleone di Buonaparte) was a French statesman and military leader who rose to prominence during the French Revolution and led several successful campaigns during the French Revolutionary Wars. 
He was Emperor of the French as Napoleon I from 1804 until 1814 and again briefly in 1815 during the Hundred Days. 
Napoleon dominated European and global affairs for more than a decade while leading France against a series of coalitions in the Napoleonic Wars. 
He won most of these wars and the vast majority of his battles, building a large empire that ruled over much of continental Europe before its final collapse in 1815. 
He is considered one of the greatest commanders in history, and his wars and campaigns are studied at military schools worldwide. 
Napoleon's political and cultural legacy has endured as one of the most celebrated and controversial leaders in human history.
