0 is a 2000 film from Spain that tells several intertwining tales of mistaken identity and coincidental meetings (that may not be coincidental) that take place near the Kilometer Zero marker in the Puerta del Sol in Madrid.
100 athletes will participate in the tournament, that will take place at Parque Polideportivo Roca in Buenos Aires.
10:10 is a charity that enables people to take practical action on climate change, and combines these local actions to inspire a more ambitious approach to the issue at every level of society.
10 monthly meetings take place in Shrewsbury, the county town, from September to June, usually with a speaker and a fair is held on the first Saturday in June.
11 teams from the Bangladesh Premier League along with one invited team will take part in the season's curtain-raiser.
12 Kiama MLA Samuel Charles resigned in June 1880 to take a voyage to Europe.
12 readings should be taken, dropping the highest and lowest, and then take the average of the ten remaining.
12 teams will participate in the two indoor tournaments, while 32 pairs will take part in each of the beach volleyball events.
13 Tumut MLA James Hoskins resigned in September 1882 to take a recuperative sea voyage.
14 days after the date on which demilitarization was to be completed, a review would take place on the willingness of the parties to implement the Basic Agreement.
15% of the student population originates from Algonquin and Ward islands and about 85% of the students live in the city and take ferry transportation to school.
165 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, the Community The EU also funds educational, vocational and citizenship-building programs which encourage EU citizens to take advantage of opportunities which the EU offers its citizens to live, study and work in other countries.
1906 Brooklyn Superbas saw Patsy Donovan take over as the team's manager.
1971 FA Charity Shield was a football match between Leicester City and Liverpool at Filbert Street on Saturday 7 August 1971.Arsenal won the double in 1970-71 but were unable to take part in the Charity Shield because they had contracted to go on a pre-season tour that clashed with the fixture.
1973-74 saw a major program of restoration and redecoration take place.
1992 saw the first Uzbek League take place since independence from the Soviet Union.
1996 saw the first national football championship in India take place, known locally as the Philips National League.
19% of the national population attend mass and take the sacraments regularly (although a larger number wish to be baptized, married in the church, and receive last rites).
19 teams took part in the inaugural knock-out tournament and 20 teams took part in the second tournament (although 21 teams were originally scheduled to take part).
1 Gordon UAP MLA Thomas Bavin retired to take an appointment as a judge of the Supreme Court of New South Wales.
1 Liberal member Gary Humphries resigned on 25 November 2002 to take up the position in the Australian Senate that had been vacated by Margaret Reid.
1 On 7 February 1922, the Labor member for Paddington, John Fihelly, resigned to take up an appointment as Agent-General for Queensland in London.
2006, Schneider was invited by Deborah Conway to take part in the Broad Festival project, with three other Australian female artists, they performed their own and each other's songs.
2008 saw Tander go one better and take the win, but it would not be enough for Tander to defeat British driver James Winslow to the title victory as the final round of the season.
2009 Ulster Grand Prix incorporating the Dundrod 150 National Road Races will take place between Wednesday 12 August and Saturday 15 August 2009 on the 7.401 mile Dundrod Circuit, County Antrim, Northern Ireland.
2012 Hartlepool Borough Council election is scheduled to take place on 3 May 2012 to elect members of Hartlepool Borough Council in England.
2012 Rochford Council election is scheduled to take place on 3 May 2012 to elect members of Rochford Council in England.
2012 Southend-on-Sea Council election is scheduled to take place on 3 May 2012 to elect members of Southend-on-Sea Borough Council in England.
2012 Tamworth Borough Council election is scheduled to take place on 3 May 2012 to elect members of Tamworth Council in England.
2012 Tunbridge Wells Borough Council election is scheduled to take place on Thursday 3 May 2012 to elect members of Tunbridge Wells Borough Council in Kent, England.
2012 Woking Council election is scheduled to take place on 3 May 2012 to elect members of Woking Council in England.
2013 Admission Facts Number of Applicants: 147 Class Size: 32 Acceptance Rate: 22% Overall Undergraduate GPA: 3.44 Undergraduate Prerequesite Course GPA: 3.43 GRE Verbal: 153 GRE Quantitative: 151 GRE Analytical Writing: 4.0 After completing the 28-month program, students must take the PANCE certification test.
2013 saw Paddon take his fourth win ahead of Esapekka Lappi.
2013 World Military Cup take part in Baku, capital of Azerbaijan.
2014 saw WFXH take the ratings lead among Rock stations from WIXV-FM I95 95.5FM.
2015 AFC Asian Cup was a football tournament scheduled to take place in January 2015 involving 16 men's national teams from nations affiliated to the Asian Football Confederation (AFC).
2016 Apatin Open is a darts tournament, which took take place in Apatin, Serbia on July 9th 2016.
2017 African-American Film Critics Association Awards were announced on December 12, 2017, while the ceremony will take place on February 7, 2018 at Taglyan Complex, in Hollywood, California.
2017 Apatin Open is a darts tournament, which will take place in Apatin, Serbia in 2017.
2017 Atlantic 10 Conference Baseball Tournament will take place from May 24 to 27.
2017 Auckland Open is a darts tournament that will take place in Auckland, New Zealand in 2017.
2017 Denmark Open is a darts tournament, which will take place in Esbjerg, Denmark on April 28 and 29, 2017.
2017 ICC World Cricket League Africa Region Qualifiers is an international cricket tournament that is scheduled to take place in Benoni, South Africa.
2017 ICC World Cricket League Americas Region Qualifiers is an international cricket tournament that is scheduled to take place in Belgrano, Argentina.
2017 ICC World Cricket League Europe Region Division One is an international cricket tournament that is scheduled to take place in Netherlands in June 2017.
2017 Iceland Open is a darts tournament, which will take place in Iceland in 2017.
2017 in the Philippines details events of note that is scheduled to take place in the Philippines in the year 2017.
2017 Machakos gubernatorial election will take place on 8 August 2017, to elect the Governor and Deputy Governor of Machakos, concurrently with Machakos Senator to the Senate as other Counties and Machakos MPs to the Kenya National Assembly and Elections of County Assembly MCAs.
2017 Tour of Qatar was a planned road cycling stage race that was originally scheduled to take place between 6 and 10 February 2017.
2018 Akita Masters, officially the YONEX Akita Masters 2018, is a badminton tournament which will take place at CNA Arena Akita in Japan from 24 to 29 July 2018 and has a total purse of $75,000.
2018 Florida Attorney General election will take place on November 6, 2018, to elect the Attorney General of Florida.
2018 Florida Chief Financial Officer election will take place on November 6, 2018.
2018 Maine gubernatorial election will take place on November 6, 2018, to elect the next governor of Maine.
2018 New Hampshire gubernatorial election will take place on November 6, 2018, to elect the Governor of New Hampshire.
2018 New York Attorney General election will take place on November 6, 2018.
2018 Singapore Open is a badminton tournament that will take place at Singapore Indoor Stadium in Singapore from 17 to 22 July 2018 and has a total purse of $355,000.
2018 United States Senate election in Delaware will take place on November 6, 2018, to elect a member of the United States Senate to represent the State of Delaware, concurrently with other elections to the United States Senate, elections to the United States House of Representatives, and various state and local elections.
2018 United States Senate election in Massachusetts will take place November 6, 2018.
2018 United States Senate election in Mississippi will take place on November 6, 2018, in order to elect a member of the United States Senate to represent the state of Mississippi.
2018 United States Senate election in Nebraska will take place on November 6, 2018, in order to elect a member of the United States Senate to represent the state of Nebraska.
2018 United States Senate election in New Mexico will take place on November 6, 2018, to elect a member of the United States Senate to represent the State of New Mexico, concurrently with other elections to the United States Senate, elections to the United States House of Representatives, and various state and local elections.
2018 United States Senate election in New York will take place on November 6, 2018, in order to elect a member of the United States Senate to represent the state of New York.
2018 United States Senate election in Utah is scheduled to take place November 6, 2018, to elect a member of the United States Senate to represent the State of Utah, concurrently with other elections to the United States Senate, elections to the United States House of Representatives, and various state and local elections.
2018 United States Senate Primary election in Tennessee will take place on August 2, 2018, and the General Election on November 6, 2018, to elect a member of the United States Senate to represent the State of Tennessee, concurrently with other elections to the United States Senate, elections to the United States House of Representatives, and various state and local elections.
2018 Washington, D.C., mayoral election will take place on November 6, 2018 to elect the Mayor of the District of Columbia.
2019 Games of the Small States of Europe, also known as the XVIII Games of the Small States of Europe, that will take place in 2019 in Budva, Montenegro, from 27 May to 1 June 2019.
2019 in the Philippines details events of note that is scheduled to take place in the Philippines in the year 2019.
2020 European Aquatics Championships will take place in Budapest, Hungary.
2020 European Canoe Slalom Championships will take place in London, England from 15 to 17 May 2020 under the auspices of the European Canoe Association (ECA).
2020 Iowa caucuses are scheduled to be the first votes of that year's U.S. presidential cycle and are due to take place during either January or February of that year.
2020 was "the first agency to take digital photographs of its artistes", and "the first to use text messaging systems to contact our artistes".
22 aircraft are reported as being based at the airport; approximately 2,850 aircraft movements per year take place.
2 Greens MHA for Franklin Nick McKim resigned on 4 August 2015 to take up appointment to the Australian Senate seat vacated by Christine Milne.
314 algerian competitors take part in this competition and they wons 20 medals.
31 of the 32 Counties of Ireland participated, with Kilkenny, as in previous years, declining to take part.
31 teams take part.
32 priests are required for the consecration ceremony, which can take up to a year to complete.
3 plus a previously unreleased alternate take of "Quicksilver."
44 Asian teams are affiliated with FIFA, but Cambodia, Philippines, Bhutan and Brunei decided not to take part, and Myanmar was banned from the competition (for refusing to play a qualifier in Iran during 2002 qualifying), so a total of 39 teams took part, competing for 4.5 places in the World Cup.
46th International Emmy Awards will take place November 19, 2018 at the New York Hilton Midtown in New York City and celebrate excellence in International television.
4.80 decided the medalists with Nikoleta Kyriakopoulou taking it on the first attempt to take over the lead.
4 Brindabella Liberal MLA Brendan Smyth resigned on 15 July 2016 to take up the role of Commissioner for International Engagement for the ACT.
4 Sturt MHA Samuel Way resigned on 20 March 1876 to take up the position of Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of South Australia.
50 Cent also said he was reading The 33 Strategies of War by Robert Greene and is currently working with the author on a book titled The 50th Law, an urban take on The 48 Laws of Power.
54-40 is a Canadian alternative rock group from Tsawwassen, British Columbia, who take their name from the slogan "54-40 or Fight!"
6 December - URS New Zealand Ltd applied to Canterbury Regional Council on behalf of the two councils and the Ashburton Community Water Trust, for a resource consent to take water from the Waimakariri River and Rakaia River.2002 - Consolidation7 February - the URS feasibility study was released.
6 North Shore Nationalist MLA Arthur Cocks resigned on March 1925 to take the position of Agent-General.
7 North Shore Independent MLA Alick Kay resigned on 28 July 1926 to take a position on the Metropolitan Meat Board.
7 Petersham Nationalist MLA John Cohen resigned to take an appointment as a District Court Judge in February 1919.
89% of these births take place out-of-wedlock.
8 East Sydney MLA Alexander Stuart resigned to take the post of Agent-General in November 1879.
A 1533 Act of Parliament stated, "No person shall take in any crele, raw web, lister... the young fry of salmon."
A 1997 report states that Latek and several UPDA units loyal to him did not take place in the peace talks on the advice of the UPDA political wing in London.
A1 Team Ireland became the fourth A1 Grand Prix champions, with a double pole position, and double victory, to take Ireland's first international motor racing championship.
A 2007 law, to take effect after the 2008 election, expanded the House of Assembly to 210 seats and made it a fully elected body.
Aaron Solomon was a Jewish merchant of Philadelphia, who, about 1777, signed an agreement to take the colonial paper currency sanctioned by King George III.
Ababu became one of the few bowlers to take a wicket with his first ever delivery in a One Day International when he dismissed Neil Johnson, during the Kenya v Zimbabwe match in Nairobi in 1999.
A bad debt is a monetary amount owed to a creditor that is unlikely to be paid and, or which the creditor is not willing to take action to collect because of various reasons, often due to the debtor not having the money to pay, for example due to a company going into liquidation or insolvency.
A ball camera or camera ball is a spherical camera, one version of which has been designed to be thrown into the air to take panoramic pictures from a height or in an inaccessible or dangerous location.
Abalone Cove SMCA, prohibits take of all living marine resources, except recreational take of pelagic finfish, including Pacific bonito and white seabass by spearfishing, market squid by hand-held dip net,commercial take of coastal pelagic species and Pacific bonito by round haul net, and swordfish by harpoon.
A band performing St. Louis blues typically consists of one or a few singers, a pianist and a few other musical instruments (used primarily for rhythm), but it is also common for a guitarist to take the lead, even to play parts normally played on piano.
A base fee is an interest in real property that has the potential to last forever, provided a specified contingent event does not take place.
Abbott, himself a former Granada Television staff writer, bought it personally as the set would otherwise have been destroyed and he feared it would take too long to get the necessary money from the BBC.
Abdullah El-Erain, the Council decided that elections to the vacancy on the ICJ would take place at the Security Council and at the General Assembly's thirty-sixth session.
A beach bum trust provision, in the law of trusts, ties the ability of a trust beneficiary to take from the trust to the beneficiary's own earnings.
Aberdeen Performing Arts is a charitable trust founded in 2004 to take over the running and management of His Majesty's Theater, The Music Hall.
A Better Man is a 2017 Canadian documentary film co-directed by Attiya Khan and Lawrence Jackman in which Khan, a survivor of domestic abuse, meets with the man who abused her to see if he can take responsibility to heal and repair the harms he created.
A bill has recently been sent to parliament by the ministry, the bill if approved will give legal backing to the NSD program allowing it to prosecute individuals who refuse to take part in the program.
Abimelech retells the biblical story of Abraham and Sarah when they met the King of Gerar, Abimelech, and he tries to take Sarah as his wife.
A biting political satire, A Planet for the President is a (deliberately) thinly disguised take on George W. Bush and his administration.
A bizarre power struggle develops as Steve bumbles his way into folk heroism, helping to reclaim civilization for the common people as Phil tries to harness surviving resources to take ultimate control.
A black physician, Dr. Von D. Mizell, ultimately persuaded one of them to take him in.
A blanket order, blanket purchase agreement or call-off order is a purchase order which a customer places with its supplier to allow multiple delivery dates over a period of time, often negotiated to take advantage of predetermined pricing.
A blank take (with no actor in the shot) is sometimes also taken to give compositors a reference of what parts of the shot are different in each take.
A Bluetooth remote control is used to take photos and thus, the whole process is self-controlled.
Abolitionists did not take up Prince as a martyr, either at the time or during the later three decades.
Abortion is currently legal in cases where the mother's life is in danger, and also in cases of fetal abnormalities that makes it not viable after birth (such as anencephaly) or produce difficulties for mother to take care of it after birth, such as major thalassemia or bilateral polycystic kidney disease.
A boss typically has absolute or nearly absolute control over their subordinates, is greatly feared by their subordinates for their ruthlessness and willingness to take lives to exert their influence, and profits from the criminal endeavors in which their organization engages.
About 10 miles before your reach Bartlett Lake take a left on Horseshoe Dam Rd.
About 16000 students from over 1,200 centers take part in these olympiads.
About 180 shows, concerts and animations take place in the day and in the evening in the urban heart of the city of Quimper: "a festival in the heart of a city and a culture".
About 2,000 troops who have joined the rebels take their orders from Qetrani.
About 20% of these students call SIDES their "school of record," meaning that they take most or all of their courses through the Distributed Learning program.
About 35,000 students take courses annually on the Titusville, Cocoa, Melbourne and Palm Bay campuses, and online.
About 45% of workers in downtown Calgary take the CTrain to work.
About 5,000 choristers take part every year; they come from all over Ireland, from Britain, from the European continent, and sometimes from as far away as Africa, America, and Asia.
About 90% of these adverse reactions take the form of benign morbilliform rash hypersensitivity drug reactions such as MPR.
About half of the enrollment, all black in 2016, take advantage of a $7500 Alabama tax credit to attend the school.
About six years after he had claimed to be divinely commissioned for the renewal of Islam, he announced that God had instructed him to take a pledge of allegiance from his supporters and published 10 conditions of initiation for all who wished to join him with a covenant of allegiance.
Abraham (on the left) with Isaac and the rest of his family, chooses the road to Canaan, as God intends him to, and Lot chooses to take his followers to Sodom.
Abramovich's areas of study take in Hebrew language, Israel and Holocaust studies.
A break at work is a period of time during a shift in which an employee is allowed to take time off from his/her job.
A breeding season can take over a year from laying to fledging, with a single egg laid in each breeding attempt.
A breviograph or brevigraph (from Latin: brevis, short, and Greek grapho, to write) is a type of scribal abbreviation in the form of an easily-written symbol, character, flourish or stroke, based on a modified letter form to take the place of a common letter combination, especially those occurring at the beginning or end of a word.
A British army officer is cashiered, and re-enlists as Private to take part in the Crimean War and succeeds in capturing a top Russian spy.
Abstentionism is standing for election to a deliberative assembly while refusing to take up any seats won or otherwise participate in the assembly's business.
A Business Continuity Plan outlines a range of disaster scenarios and the steps the business will take in any particular scenario to return to regular trade.
A by-election must take place on a Saturday.
A by-election was called after the former Labor MP, Tom Fraser, resigned in order to take up the position as head of the North of Scotland Hydro-Electric Board.
A cabinet meeting was held on 22 June to consider the Home Ministry's proposal, which was planned to take effect on 1 July.
Academically, Westmoore offers a program in which 11th or 12th grade students may apply to take morning or afternoon courses as offered at Moore Norman Technology Center.
Academy students take advanced, college-level courses and each student works towards the Indiana Honors Diploma, which is the only diploma awarded by the school.
A camera crew follows Jill and Tony Curtis as they take in horses that would have been inhumanely killed and sent overseas as food for humans.
A camera is lifted using a kite and is triggered either remotely or automatically to take aerial photographs.
A campaign designed to take player characters from 1st to 20th level, Age of Worms was given an Honorable Mention in the "Best Adventure" category of the 2007 ENnie Awards.
A campaign is a series of individual adventures, and a campaign setting is the world in which such adventures and campaigns take place.
A capital strike can occur when banks decide to raise lending standards or minimum loan requirements to individuals and business entities, and decide to sit on cash reserves, rather than take many loan risks, until a later point in time.
A card system dictating unit movement and potential skills plays into both enemy and ally turns, as well as the "Union" formation system, in which massive battles can take place between several platoons.
A cash-flow diagram is a tool used by accountants and engineers, to represent the transactions of cash which will take place over the course of a given project.
A categorical variable that can take on exactly two values is termed a binary variable or dichotomous variable; an important special case is the Bernoulli variable.
Accordingly, it established an authority in vicarious liability, that employers are fully liable for the thefts - by employees - of goods that they have a duty to take care of.
According to a 1910 European source, she would take lovers, but would kill them after a brief dalliance.
According to a 1998 study, taxes take up 48% of the price of gasoline.
According to a 2006 survey of patent owners at the European Patent Office, about half of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) take patents for monetary reasons.
According to a 2014 interview, Sabo had been involved in street art since 2000, though he began to take his activity in the scene more seriously beginning in 2008.
According to a general principle of development, new forms then take over old functions, so that children learn words to express the same communicative functions they had already expressed by proverbial means.
According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 21% of Karns City Area School District graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges.
According to ARCS Scholar Shirin Doroudgar, Ph.D. Researcher, Molecular Cardiology, "Organization like ARCS foundation are the perfect example of how a group of people poised to take action can make a difference."
According to both artists, the song, which follows the overall storyline of the concept album, is about a man named Adam, who after a bad string of relationships, decides to take Viagra (Sildenafil Citrate) in an attempt "stay up" longer.
According to Boutros-Ghali, the current resolution indicated that the Security Council "finally decided to take firmer action", even though enforcement was not yet included in the mandate.
According to Bradley's obituary, the events of this book take place at the end of the 21st century.
According to Brooks, there is an incremental person who, when added to a project, makes it take more, not less time.
According to Chapter 1, Article 15 of the Constitution adopted in Russia in December 1993 these embodiments of international law take precedence over national legislation.
According to Charles Orr, this work was never printed, but he was able to take a look at it when writing his History of the Pequot War.
According to CNET blogger Dave Rosenberg, Xeround's MySQL support makes it "well positioned to take a leadership position in the database market".
According to Early Modern records, benandanti were believed to have been born with a caul on their head, which gave them the ability to take part in nocturnal visionary traditions that occurred on specific Thursdays during the year.
According to English Heritage's general description, these sites are formed of a number of enclosures which "generally take the form of a single low bank, which marks the perimeter of each enclosure".
According to Film Threat, he "has become a much-in-demand presence thanks to his versatility and his willingness to take roles to wild extremes".
According to Fisher, Young told him, "It would take up too much room, and readers are used to reading down the page, and not horizontally."
According to Giles, the label started when he saved up money to take his girlfriend on a trip, however they broke up and Giles ended up using the money to help his friends release music.
According to Gregory of Tours, Chlodoric murdered his own father in order to take his kingdom, acting upon the instigation of Clovis I, a rival king of the Salian Franks.
According to Harry Frankfurt the drug addict has established free will, in respect to that single aspect, when his higher-order volition to stop wanting drugs determines the precedence of his changing, action determining desires either to take drugs or not to take drugs.
According to his assumptions, the events told by Homer did not take place in the Mediterranean area, as the tradition asserts, but rather in the seas of Northern Europe, the Baltic Sea and the Northern Atlantic.
According to Horney, basic anxiety (and therefore neurosis) could result from a variety of things including, "...direct or indirect domination, indifference, erratic behavior, lack of respect for the child's individual needs, lack of real guidance, disparaging attitudes, too much admiration or the absence of it, lack of reliable warmth, having to take sides in parental disagreements, too much or too little responsibility, over-protection, isolation from other children, injustice, discrimination, unkept promises, hostile atmosphere, and so on and so on."
According to Iamblichus' De Vita Pythagorae, Cylon had previously tried and failed to be accepted into the Pythagorean order (VP 248); however, the clearly pro-Pythagorean bias of Iamblichus' work means we should take this with a grain of salt.
According to investigators Sebastiano Pelle returned to San Luca to take over when his uncle died in November 2009.He was wanted since 1995 for membership of a criminal association aimed at trafficking weapons and drugs internationally, as well as for other crimes.
According to its constitution, the party "as such and with its symbol does not take part in elections".
According to its website, several other launch dates were announced to take place in 2007 and subsequently in 2008.
According to Kevin Brownlow and David Gill's documentary series Unknown Chaplin, the first scenes to be written and filmed take place in what became the movie's second half, in which the penniless Tramp finds a coin and goes for a meal in a restaurant, not realizing that the coin has fallen out of his pocket.
According to legend, Eardulf and Eadred, former abbot of Carlisle attempted to take Cuthbert's remains to Ireland for safety, however as they attempted to take the bones on board a ship at Workington, a violent storm blew up and all the water that fell on the ship turned immediately to blood, which was taken as a sign of disapproval from Cuthbert himself.
According to legend she was a niece of Saint Amandus, and was disinherited by her father, Count Odelard, after he became sick with leprosy and believed that she would not take proper care of him.
According to media reports at the time, the new owners plan to take the store in a different direction.
According to Michguide.com, Kalamazoo Broadcasting (aka Kuiper Broadcasting), owner of WKPR AM 1420 Kalamazoo, is paying $80,000 to Langford Broadcasting as part of an agreement that would take WDOW off the air permanently and have WKPR move to AM 1440 and increase power in November 2010.
According to Nunberg, ordinary words like values, freedom, patriotism, and indeed liberal itself have acquired connotations that conservatives favor and that even allegedly liberal newspapers like The New York Times and The Washington Post take for granted.
According to one Adnyamathanha story, at times of drought the shamans would travel to the cave in which Akurra lived, draw the snake out and take his kidney fat, which they heated over a fire, allowing the melted fat to fall over the coals.
According to "Paul Gilley: Ghost Writer in the Sky," by Kentucky historian W. Lynn Nickell, Gilley sold the song to Williams with all the rights, allowing Williams to take credit for it.
According to published reports, WNPT FM will go sports and WTBC AM/FM will retain the Catfish Country format, once the new owners take over.
According to Romanian media, he is also an Internet media activist, known as 'one of those who made 700 thousand Spaniards take the streets' in 2011.
According to STCW, The STCW 95 Code requires that you take this 5-day course of instruction.
According to Tacitus, the Batavians and Cananefates of his time, tribes living within the empire, were descended from part of the Chatti, who left their homeland after an internal quarrel drove them out, to take up new lands at the mouth of the Rhine.
According to the Act, the objectives of the university are "to disseminate and advance knowledge by providing instructional and research facilities in such branches of learning as it may deem fit, to make provisions for integrated courses in humanities, natural and physical sciences, social sciences, forestry and other allied disciplines in the educational programs of the University; to take appropriate measures for promoting innovations in teaching-disciplinary studies and research; to educate and train man-power in the development of the state of Mizoram; and to pay special attention to the improvement of the social and economic conditions and welfare of the people of that State, their intellectual, academic and cultural development".
According to the Article 10 (Law of Ukraine about the Cabinet of Ministers), a member of Cabinet of Ministers (except for the Prime Minister of Ukraine) who refuses to take the oath is considered as such who refused to accept the post.
According to the artist, the reading of this story is predicted to take one thousand years.
According to the chronicles, his dismay at losing the fleet led Lucius Junius Pullus to take his own life rather than returning to Rome in shame as his colleague had done.
According to the company, the magazine "focuses on people who take full responsibility for their own development and income," and provides personal and professional development.
According to the competition model, competitive cognitive processes operate on a phylogenetic, ontogenetic, and synchronic scale, allowing language acquisition to take place across a wide variety of chronological periods.
According to the Constitution of India, elections for the Parliament and State Legislative Assemblies should take place every five years, unless a state of emergency has been declared.
According to the degree of participation of the different groups, the company can take advantage of market imperfections in order to create valuable opportunities.
According to the director, the shooting will take place in spots identified in and around Bengaluru, Mysuru, Mandya, Srirangapatna and Chikkamangaluru.
According to the Encyclopedia of Psychology, "writers and psychologists, such as Ann Faraday, helped to take dream analysis out of the therapy room and popularize it by offering techniques anyone could use to analyze his or her own dreams".
According to the Everett Herald, Arlington's Eagle Creek Elementary School several miles away was "about 200 students below its capacity and could easily take in the staff and students from Trafton."
According to the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Uniform Crime Reporting Program, robbery is "the taking or attempting to take anything of value from the care, custody, or control of a person or persons by force or threat of force or violence or by putting the victim in fear."
According to the film documentary included with the extended DVD release, choreographer Onna White was able to take someone not known as a dancer, and make him into a dancer for this number.
According to the Institute of Physics, holders of the award of the Chartered Physicist (CPhys) demonstrate the "highest standards of professionalism, up-to-date expertise, quality and safety" along with "the capacity to undertake independent practice and exercise leadership" as well as "commitment to keep pace with advancing knowledge and with the increasing expectations and requirements for which any profession must take responsibility".
According to the New York Times, Ho hoped that theater companies could take advantage of the spaces.
According to the official summary of the measure, the repeal would take effect on January 1, 2011.
According to the preamble, the protocol is intended to achieve the purposes of certain articles in the Convention on the Rights of the Child, where the rights are defined with the provision that parties should take "appropriate measures" to protect them.
According to the publisher, the series "deals with the interaction of British and non-western societies from the Elizabethan era to the late twentieth century, aiming to provide a balanced treatment of the ruled as well as the rulers, and to take into account the significance of the Empire for the peoples of the British Isles".
According to the Trivers-Willard hypothesis, parents in good conditions tend to invest more in sons (who are best able to take advantage of good conditions), while parents in poor conditions tend to invest more in daughters (who are best able to have successful offspring even in poor conditions).
According to this Charter: (a) the President and Members of Sahitya Academy are nominated by the government (b) the Academy can form an executive committee to take care of its day-to-day affairs (c) it also has the authority to form sub-committees as and when required, and (d) the president, the registrar and the finance board members are the officials of the Academy, with the registrar functioning as its chief executive.
According to Townsend, Gaye took up the challenge, removing his shirt and singing the entire take "for 40 minutes straight!"
According to urban wildlife specialist Suzanne MacDonald, animal "commuters" are usually motivated by food and security available on the vehicle rather than its ability to take them to a destination.
According to Yeagley's lawsuit, OPP and others contacted hotels hosting the conference, "threatening, murder, violence and other forms of retribution" should the event take place.
According to Zosimus, Charietto saw barbarian raiders crossing the Rhine and determined to take action.
A ceasefire was declared that afternoon, but it would take the navy and the army a full week to negotiate a resolution to the crisis.
A celebration marking of the 20th anniversary of Radio Polynesia was originally scheduled to take place on Tuesday, September 29, 2009.
A ceremony will take place in Dhaka and awards were given by then President of Bangladesh.
A certificated enforcement agent is a person appointed under Part 3 of the Tribunals, Courts and Enforcement Act 2007 in England and Wales, who may take control of goods and sell them to pay an amount of money when order to do so by a court.
ACG International School Vietnam has been an IB World School since June 2011From 1 July 2013, ACG International School Vietnam merged into the Australian International School, Vietnam and will take the new name of Australian International School.
A chain reaction is a sequence of reactions where a reactive product or by-product causes additional reactions to take place.
A chance stopover in Ramayapatnam at the Ramayapatnam Baptist Theoogical Seminary made Gabriel to appeal to the Canadian Baptists of Ontario and Quebec through John McLaurin to take up the Mission in northern coastal regions and thus led to the founding of the Canadian Baptist Mission in 1874 at Kakinada with the arrival of John McLaurin who came from Ramayapatnam to Kakinada by sea.
A change of locomotive was needed at Newport as the Newport-Freshwater line's bridges could not take the weight of locomotive other than the A1 "Terrier" class.
A charging document, which contains one or more criminal charges or counts, can take several forms, including: complaint information indictment citation traffic ticket The charging document is what generally starts a criminal case in court.
A child may carry out basic experiments to understand gravity, while teams of scientists may take years of systematic investigation to advance their understanding of a phenomenon.
A child whose nurture and/or education cause them to have conflict between legitimate feelings, living in a illogical environment and interacting with adults who do not take the long-term interests of the child to heart will be more likely to form these secondary traits.
Aciculosporium take grows intercellularly in witches' broom shoots, including shoot apical meristems.
Acid Android releases, as with the other L'Arc-en-Ciel members' solo projects, take place when they are on hiatus.
A civic engagement program, where students take part in community service projects and gain leadership skills, a fellows program that hosts a group of political and policy professionals to lead seminars for an academic quarter, a speaker series featuring public events with a diverse array of political figures, and a career development program featuring hundreds of internships in government, politics and policy.
A clean person shall take hyssop and dip it in the water, sprinkle it on the tent, on all the vessels, on the persons who were there, or on the one who touched a bone, the slain, the dead, or a grave.
A club may take a player on loan if they are short on transfer funds but can still pay wages, or as temporary cover for injuries or suspensions.
A collection of alms from the congregation, such as may take place also at non-Eucharistic services, often coincides with this ceremony.
A commentator called it "visceral and gut-wrenching theater that permeates with sadness, even as funny moments help take the edge off the dangerous perspectives the creators ask you to consider".
A commercial failure, the film was the last made by Schilling and led the Wongs to take a two-year hiatus.
A Commissary Apostolic (Latin Commissarius Apostolicus) is Commissary (i.e. one who has received power from a legitimate superior authority to pass judgment in a certain cause or to take information concerning it) who has been appointed by the pope, hence commissary Apostolic.
A Commissioner of Deeds is an officer having authority to take affidavits, depositions, acknowledgments of deeds, etc.
A common approach taken by insurance companies is to take 100% of regular premiums, being the annual premiums received for a policy, and 10% of single premiums.
A common aspect that characterized dictators, is to take advantage of their strong personality, usually by suppressing freedom of thought and speech of the masses, in order to maintain political and social supremacy and stability.
A common practice amongst Russian companies was to take hostages from various villages, to force maritime hunters to gather otter furs.
A common practice is to take a short phrase from a speech and loop it repeatedly over background music, usually generic electronic music.
A Companion-trained friend of Inara's who runs a brothel calls for help from Serenity when a local bigwig reveals his intentions to take his baby from the woman he impregnated.
A comparsa is a group of singers, musicians and dancers that take part in carnivals and other festivities in Spain and Latin America.
A concentration is a more specific area in one's field of study, where the student is required to take classes in that concentration.
A concept album, Three Friends deals with three childhood friends whose lives take them very different places.
A considerable Bohemian force drove Leopold back from the suburbs of Prague, and the Bohemian Estates called upon Matthias to take over the government of their kingdom.
A consistent theme throughout the series is Mrs. Pollifax' tendency to take an interest in people who seem disconnected with her mission, but who either become part of the investigation and/or who prove to be of invaluable assistance to resolving the case.
A constitutional referendum is scheduled to take place in Cuba in 2018.
A contemporary setting is not strictly necessary for a work of urban fantasy: works of the genre may also take place in futuristic and historical settings, actual or imagined.
A continuous automaton can be described as a cellular automaton extended so the valid states a cell can take are not just discrete (for example, the states consist of integers between 0 and 3), but continuous, for example, the real number range [0,1].
A continuous payment authority (CPA) is a type of regular automatic payment where an individual gives a vendor permission to take money from a credit or debit account whenever the vendor feels money is owed.
A contrived tenancy is a term used in British housing law to describe a situation where a tenancy is created in order to take advantage of the housing benefit system.
A control system which has only feed-forward behavior responds to its control signal in a pre-defined way without responding to how the load reacts; it is in contrast with a system that also has feedback, which adjusts the output to take account of how it affects the load, and how the load itself may vary unpredictably; the load is considered to belong to the external environment of the system.
A controversy surrounding the illegal repackaging of out-of-date meat led the Swedish grocery store chain ICA to take actions towards a better quality work in the stores.
A conversion from SC to SHGC is not necessarily straightforward, as they each take into account different heat transfer mechanisms and paths (window assembly vs. glass-only).
A corollary to the absence of continuity, however, is that, as exemplified in 1950s DC Superman comics, no permanent change to characters or situations occurs, meaning no growth can take place; thus storylines repeat over time in an endless loop.
A Corpus luteum cyst is a type of ovarian cyst which may rupture about the time of menstruation, and take up to three months to disappear entirely.
A court ruled against releasing Alan so that he could take up his seat.
A cover version of the song "Bein' Green", usually associated with Kermit the Frog, is included, and a take of the traditional song "Purple Heather".
Acquired amusia, on the other hand, may take several forms.
A credit default swap index is a credit derivative used to hedge credit risk or to take a position on a basket of credit entities.
A criminal looking to take over the illegal gambling business.
Acrobatic flips can be sharted from a stationary, standing position and they are also commonly executed immediately following another rotational move, such as a roundoff or handspring, so as to take advantage of the angular momentum developed in the preceding move.
"Across the Universe" is the John Butler Trio's take on the Beatles Classic.
A Crummey trust achieves the desired treatment by offering the recipient a window of time (often 30 days) to take immediate control of the gift.
A cry room or crying room is a space designed for people to take babies or small children for privacy or to reduce the disturbance of others.
A CTA most often refers to the use of words or phrases that can be incorporated into sales scripts, advertising messages or web pages that encourage consumers to take prompt action.
Acting Prime Ministers take the place of the Prime Minister if he or she is temporarily incapacitated, while the incumbent is still in office.
Acting under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, the Council established a third trial chamber at the ICTR and that elections to the trial chambers would take place on the same date, for a term of office that would expire on 24 May 2003.
Action film directors guide the filming and creative elements in action movies, a film genre where action sequences, such as fights, shootouts, stunts, car chases or explosions either take precedence, or, in finer examples of the genre, are used as a form of exposition and character development.
Active archives take advantage of metadata in order to keep track of where primary, secondary, and tertiary copies of data reside within the system, in order to maintain online accessibility to any given file in a file system, regardless of the storage medium being utilized.
Active component and reserve component soldiers on active duty are required to take a "record" (meaning for official records) APFT at least twice each calendar year.
Active Dayton also has party crashers which are a group from Active Dayton that go to clubs and events in Dayton and take pictures to post on the website and give a summary in the paper of the events.
Active farms dotted the area as late as the early 1960s and horse-drawn wagons frequently served as local transit during snowy weather, navigating the steep Ashton Road to take workers to the bus stop at Holme Circle.
Active membership is available for those who wish to take a more active role in the organization, and is subject to the completion of a more comprehensive application.
Active Policy Management enables a business to accurately detect the violations, to take the appropriate action (even blocking the message from being sent), and to quickly find and review the violation in order to address the situation, preventing further damage.
Activities like themed summer camps, presentations about fossilization, live animal shows, birthday parties, and Education Days take the more neutral approach.
Actually conman Freddie Yorke stole the charity money and left her to take the blame.
Adam Bosworth initiated and headed up the Quattro project until moving to Microsoft later in 1990 to take over the project which eventually became Access.
Adam Green's Aladdin is an independent film written, directed by, and starring Adam Green that presents a modern take on the Arabian Nights classic tale.
Adapted to American tastes, the sites are fast casual restaurants that also offer take out.
A data janitor is a person who works to take big data and condense it into useful amounts of information.
A day before the game, Sharks captain, Paul Gallen did not take the trip and was ruled out with a back injury.
Adding extra nodes becomes trivial as well, you can simply take a copy of the application state, feed it a stream of events and run with it.
Adding to her disappointment, her father refuses to take her out in public because she looks slovenly without good shoes.
Additional funds are required for center workers to travel to remote villages to visit homes with disabled children and provide them physiotherapy, take them to hospitals for medical checkups and help parents.
Additionally a family of derivative launch vehicles was proposed in order to take an advantage of economies of scale, further reducing launch costs.
Additionally, although the film takes place over eight years, all of the scenes take place during winter for dramatic effect.
Additionally, as the male workforce left for battle, mothers and sisters began working in factories to take their positions, and the family dynamic began to change; this affected children as they had less time to spend with family members and were expected to grow up faster and help with the war effort.
Additionally Avery was also concerned with healthcare choices and wanted "to provide an environment where women could feel comfortable and take control of their own health" (Silliman et al., 66).
Additionally, buyers can take Central Provident Fund (CPF) grants to pay for an EC bought from a developer.
Additionally, even if there are no outages from the removal of a single component (N-1 resilience), there is a large window for a second attack or failure, as it could take more than a year to replace it, because many generators and transformers are custom-built for the substation.
Additionally, Henry Molleston was elected, but died before he could take office.
Additionally, it was revealed that the MP would take up to three months off to have a knee reconstruction in Thailand.
Additionally, Madea has a tendency to overreact and is willing to threaten to use deadly weapons, destroy property, use physical violence, take on the law, and use any and all means necessary to show up an offending party.
Additionally, many sandbox games, such as Minecraft, take advantage of this game mode by having players survive the night time from a variety of monsters, such as skeletons and zombies.
Additionally, parties participate in electoral campaigns and educational outreach or protest actions aiming to convince citizens or governments to take action on the issues and concerns which are the focus of the movement.
Additionally, since all modifications are actually the creation of a replacement database, it can take advantage of UNIX filesystem semantics to provide a guarantee of reliability.
Additionally teams from Ireland and North America (USA and Canada) were invited to take part, to help the development of korfball in these countries.
Additionally, there may be nobody internally who is suitable for, or available to take up, the position in question.
Additionally, these bears are fund raisers that support the local community, by letting the local community take part in the event before the day.
Additionally, this distinction has led some organizations to take measures to get their employees to perform at their maximum level more often.
Additionally, Von Mertens hand stitches each quilt, and the process of stitching one quilt project can take months to complete.
Additional special airtimes take place during the playoffs and for other specially scheduled NFL games.
Additions or deductions in this value to take account of variations in yield due to terrain and climate (e.g. average annual temperature) give the field value (Ackerzahl).
A debt limit is a legislative mechanism restricting the total amount that a country can borrow or how much debt it can be permitted to take on.
A debut feature by Tan, the road film tells the story of a man as he tries to take his long-lost elephant back to their rural hometown.
A decision by an executive authority will generally be considered non-justiciable if the decision requires the intricate balancing of various competing policy considerations, and judges are ill-equipped to decide the case because of their limited training, experience and access to materials; if a judicial pronouncement could embarrass another branch of government or tie its hands in the conduct of affairs traditionally falling within its purview; or if the decision involves the exercise of a prerogative power that the democratically elected branches are entrusted to take care of.
A decision game is an exercise in which a teacher presents students with a scenario, asks them to take on the role of a character in that scenario, and then asks them to solve problems as if they were that character.
A decreased desire for opioids, though, may take a few weeks.
A deep map work can take the form of engaged documentary writing of literary quality.
Adelchis forced Louis to vow never to reenter Benevento with an army or to take revenge for his detention.
Adele Givens urges her audience to celebrate their flaws; she comments on this crazy world, her 92-year-old grandmother, and the need to take care when naming a baby.
A demerger can take place through a spin-off by distributed or transferring the shares in a subsidiary holding the business to company shareholders carrying out the demerger.
A Democrat, he resigned the office in 2010 to take a seat on the Oakland County Commission, where he served one term.
A Democrat, she was first elected to the Senate in 1980, and was re-elected in each election until she resigned on August 15, 2011, to take a position with Hennepin County.
A demonstration project involving various private companies is planned to take place over 12-18 months in 16 countries including: Algeria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Egypt, Gabon, Ghana, Kenya, Lesotho, Mali, Mauritius, Mozambique, Nigeria, Rwanda, Senegal, South Africa and Uganda.
A departure from their previous releases, John Lydon was advised by trusted music producer Bill Laswell to take on an all-star cast of session and trusted musicians, including Steve Vai, Ryuichi Sakamoto, Tony Williams and Ginger Baker.
A deputy prime minister or vice prime minister is, in some countries, a government minister who can take the position of acting prime minister when the prime minister is temporarily absent.
A Designated Primary Market Maker (DPM) is a specialized market maker approved by an exchange to guarantee that he or she will take the position in a particular assigned security, option or option index.
A desire to develop his creative instincts saw Steve take his songs on the road with Simon Jenkins, a ragtime pianist.
A digital signal is a signal that is being used to represent data as a sequence of discrete values; at any given time it can only take on one of a finite number of values.
A discharging arch or relieving arch is an arch built over a lintel or architrave to take off the superincumbent weight.
A dispensing optician will take a prescription written by an optometrist or ophthalmologist and order and/or assemble the frames and lenses to then be dispensed and sold to the patient.
A disruptive process can take longer to develop than by the conventional approach and the risk associated to it is higher than the other more incremental or evolutionary forms of innovations, but once it is deployed in the market, it achieves a much faster penetration and higher degree of impact on the established markets.
Administration and rehearsals mainly take place in Fisheries Field.
Administrators can use this to take inventory of the systems and services on their network.
Admiral Byrd selected Cattaraugus knives to take on his expedition to the South Pole.
Admission is free with the exception of VIP areas, and events and performances take place throughout downtown venues.
Admissions take place through the Joint Entrance Examination.
Admittedly, Loper broke her family's promise not to take a quick glimpse of the scoreboard as a result of her medal failure.
A document from the United States Department of State confirms that the project aimed to "help Cuba overthrow the Communist regime", including its leader Fidel Castro, and it aimed "for a revolt which can take place in Cuba by October 1962".
A dog and handler team must take a short behavioral evaluation of less than half an hour; dogs who pass the evaluation earn the Canine Good Citizen certificate, which many people represent after the dog's name, abbreviating it as CGC; for example, "Fido, CGC".
A domestic flight is a form of commercial flight within civil aviation where the departure and the arrival take place in the same country.
A donation may take various forms, including money, alms, services, or goods such as clothing, toys, food, or vehicles.
Adopting stylistic influences from the Golden Gate Quartet, the ensemble's most enduring song is their take on "Milky White Way", later covered by Elvis Presley.
A double degree program, sometimes called a dual degree, combined degree, conjoint degree, joint degree, simultaneous degree or double graduation program, involves a student's working for two different university degrees in parallel, either at the same institution or at different institutions (sometimes in different countries), completing them in less time than it would take to earn them separately.
A drawing room play is a type of play, developed during the Victorian period in the United Kingdom, in which the actions take place in a drawing room or which is designed to be reenacted in the drawing room of a home.
Adult education in Africa, having experienced a comeback following the independence and increasing prosperity of many African nations, poses specific requirements on policymakers and planners to take into consideration indigenous cultural traits and characteristics.
Adults can take many courses at AVS for free and courses can lead to an adult graduation or to upgrades for University entrance.
Adults generally take vertebrate blood or attack other insects.
Adults who are residents of British Columbia and who have already graduated from secondary school may take courses at SIDES to upgrade, however they are required to pay tuition fees if they choose to attend public secondary schools for this upgrading.
A dummy candidate is similar to a paper candidate in that both types do not intend to win their race; however, they differ in that a dummy candidate typically has an ulterior motive for being in the race, such as to dishonestly divert votes away from more legitimate candidates or to take advantage of benefits afforded to political candidates.
A duty-free shop is a retail outlet that is exempt from the payment of certain local or national taxes and duties, on the requirement that the goods sold will be sold to travelers who will take them out of the country.
Advanced Pediatric Life Support (APLS) is a program created by the American Academy of Pediatrics and the American College of Emergency Physicians to teach health care providers how to take care of sick children.
Advances in industrial chemical processes have made it economical for pharmaceutical manufacturers to take drugs that were originally marketed as a racemic mixture and market the individual enantiomers, either by specifically manufacturing the desired enantiomer or by resolving a racemic mixture.
Adventure Florida is a children's BBC television program and is broadcast on the CBBC channel in which four British CBBC viewers children, chosen from 16,000 applicants, join four American children for the ultimate Florida adventure and four US children take part in a summer camp in Florida at which they learn about environmental issues and saving the world's wildlife from extinction.
Advertisements for lawyers and law firms take various forms: print, television, radio, the yellow pages, and online advertising.
Advertisers also take advantage of Town Topics availability, and the back pages of the newspaper are largely occupied with real estate advertisements.
Aerounatical Academy (students earn up to 15 college credits from Embry Riddle University), and The FPC Fire Leadership Academy that works with the local Fire departments to offer coursework for students to leave high school prepared to take the state Fire exam and EMT exam.
Aetna Health Inc. v. Davila was a case where Mr. Davila's physician had given him a prescription for pain in light of the fact he could not take other oral medications due to stomach problems.
A family from east London take over a farm in the Devon countryside.
A family permit can be issued for a short visit or to enable the holder to take up residence in the UK.
A fanatical organization tries to prevent the robots from becoming too human, fearing that they will take over.
A fast bowler from Jamaica, he played at Test and One Day International (ODI) level for the West Indies during the early 2000s, becoming the fourth West Indian to take a Test hat-trick.
A feature of all auto shows in Tennessee, mandated by state law, is that no sales may take place on the premises, and signs to that effect must be posted.
A feature of the titles in the series is that they take classic works of literature and give them a dark twist, often combining steampunk elements, whilst also turning them into works of interactive fiction.
A federal agency violates the Whistleblower Protection Act if agency authorities take (or threaten to take) retaliatory personnel action against any employee or applicant because of disclosure of information by that employee or applicant.
A Federation starship is stranded on the other side of the Galaxy, and its warp drive will take decades to return.
A feeder series called Drift Cup was created to allow those wishing to take part in the series the chance to prove they have what it takes to drive in the main championship.
A few days before the event, a State prosecutor tried to cancel it, due to an alleged lack of police personnel to take care of security.
A few turns later, Wapnick had the opportunity to take a 212 point lead with HELMING, but the play would have opened a triple-triple line with both blanks unseen so he opted for a more conservative 41-point play and still led by 170.
A few years later, in October 1344, at the Council of Roviata Roger headed another group of powerful barons who requested from James III of Majorca, a descendant of the Villehardouin family that had founded the Principality of Achaea, to take over its governance.
Afghanistan agreed to timetables to take control of certain military and police functions, and launched a program to lure Taliban insurgents back to mainstream life with financial incentives.
Afghanistan's proximity to the Test playing nation of India and Pakistan has helped the game to take root.
Afghan men may take up to four wives, as Islam allows for such.
A fielder may, for example, appear to catch and hold a batted ball securely, take a few more steps, collide with a wall or another player, and drop the ball.
A fight between Sergei Kharitonov and Mighty Mo was scheduled to take place, but Mo was forced to withdraw due to leg injuries incurred during his last fight in K-1.
A film adaptation of Rex Pickett's novel of the same name, Sideways follows two men in their forties, Miles Raymond (Paul Giamatti), a depressed teacher and unsuccessful writer, and Jack Cole (Thomas Haden Church), a past-his-prime actor, who take a week-long road trip to Santa Barbara County wine country to celebrate Jack's upcoming wedding.
A film dramatization was produced by the BBC and broadcast on 13 September 2015.Of all the theories of time employed in the plays, Priestley professed to take only one seriously: that of J. W. Dunne as expounded in his book An Experiment with Time.
A film's script is assigned scores for these categories by an Epagogix employee, and the scores fed into a computer algorithm which estimates how much that film might take at the box office, plus or minus around ten per cent.
A film version starring Spencer Tracy and produced by MGM premiered in 1944; a publicity stunt, in which MGM organized a pretend "manhunt" for a Tracy look-alike in seven cities for the public to take part in, accompanied the normal film promotions.
A first attempt to take Stralsund was made in 1711, when the allies closed in on the town.
A fish off California might be mature at age 3, while an individual off British Columbia might take 19 years to mature.
A flapper is often part of the standard equipment on a fire engine and may also be set up inside and around forests and at heaths in order to take immediate action if a fire is seen.
A fluently bilingual Franco-Newfoundlander, Cornect was the first MHA in the province ever to take his oath of office in French.
A follow-up to the 2012 action role-playing game Dragon's Dogma, the game has the player take the role of an "Arisen" in service to the White Dragon, charged with defending the land of Lestania from monster attacks.
A footbridge, cantilevered out from the railway bridge was added in 1992, to take the Thames Path across the river.
A forlorn hope is a band of soldiers or other combatants chosen to take the leading part in a military operation, such as an assault on a defended position, where the risk of casualties is high.
A formal transfer of KCM&B assets to the Frisco did not take place until 1928.
A former footballer himself, in the early 1970s Gooding moved from his hometown of Dumbleyung in rural Western Australia to take up a 3-year $1000 scholarship offered to him by WAFL club Claremont.
A former investment banker, she is the youngest person to take a business public, having floated her business on the London Stock Exchange at the tender age of 29.She regularly comments about international politics and represents the UK overseas.
A former motocross rider, Birks chose to take up speedway when serious injuries brought his motocross career to a premature end.
A former soccer player for the Siparia Angels in South Trinidad, he did not take up athletics until the age of 23.
A former U.S. citizen by naturalization and an economic consultant by profession, she quit her job in 1992 to become Macedonia's unofficial liaison in Washington, D.C. and relinquished U.S. citizenship in 1995 to take up her new officially-accredited role as the first Macedonian Ambassador to the United States.
A former witch, Salem was sentenced by the Witch's Council to spend an indefinite amount of time as a cat, as punishment for trying to take over the world; the sitcom establishes this time frame to be a century.
A fourth branch of the armed forces, known as the Carabinieri, take on the role as the nation's military police and are also involved in missions and operations abroad as a combat force.
A fourth creation in England was suggested and planned to take effect; the title of Duke of Clarence was going to be given to Lord Guilford Dudley, husband of Lady Jane Gray, upon her coronation, as she declined to make her husband king consort.
A fourth "Extra Volume", published in 1861, was co-written with Bracebridge Hemyng, John Binny, and Andrew Halliday, covered the lives of streetwalkers, thieves, and beggars, though it departed from the interview format to take a more general and statistical approach to its subject.
A French invasion of Great Britain was planned to take place in 1759 during the Seven Years' War, but due to various factors (including naval defeats at the Battle of Lagos and the Battle of Quiberon Bay) was never launched.
Afrika, a slave girl from Virginia, and Lucy, an independent girl constricted by Boston society, take different paths in life, Lucy exploring her family's history, and Afrika desperately searching for freedom, narrowly escaping capture.
AFSCME was one of the first groups to take advantage of the 2010 Citizens United decision, which allowed unions and corporations to directly finance ads that expressly call for the election or defeat of a candidate.
After 12 rounds, Bradley won a highly controversial split decision to take the WBO welterweight title.
After 1837 marriages could take place in many other licensed nonconformist chapels, provided that the local Superintendent Registrar was in attendance.
After 18 years, she left the program in April 2018 to take over the lead on the station's lunchtime news broadcast, The World at One.
After 2 years of Tertiary Education is completed, students may take their Caribbean advanced placement examinations.
After 4 days of looting they invited Fazas arch-rivals from Pate town to take away anything that they liked from Faza.
After 4 years reporting on courts and crime and anchoring the weekend news, Pierson left to take an anchor position with Sun News Network.
After 8 years of service for the Academy, the Executive Principal, Mr Andy Halpin would be retiring to let Mr Leo Gilbert take the job on a full-time permanent basis.
After a 1978 tour to support the album, Wishbone Ash would take a one-year hiatus during 1979 before regrouping for songwriting sessions at the end of the year.
After a change in chief editors in 1991, it began to take a more vocal pro-democracy point of view.
After a change in the show's format, he presented a new Sunday morning slot called Roadhog where he would take a Volkswagen Camper Van, decorated with ears and orange spots, on the road to viewers homes and schools.
After a gap of more than six years, in November 1977 he made a solitary appearance for Auckland against Wellington in the Gillette Cup, and though Auckland won handsomely Sparks' own contribution was slight: his six overs went for 41 and he did not bat or take a catch.
After agreeing to help Peru restructure its naval forces, the United States Navy ordered Freyer there to take command of the efforts; he became Chief of Staff of the Peruvian Navy the following year.
After a late race error in Sunday's race from Jamie Whincup, Garth Tander swept by to take the win.
After a long series of appeals through the UK court system, the European Court of Human Rights held that ECHR article 11 protects the fundamental right of people to join a trade union, engage in union related activities and take action as a last resort to protect their interests.
After also welcoming efforts by the governments of Thailand and Japan, the Special Representative and Secretary-General to assist in the political settlement in Cambodia, the Council reaffirmed that elections to a constituent assembly will take place no later than May 1993, according to schedule.
After a marathon debate that stretched until midnight of the following day, the vote failed to take place for lack of time.
After a meeting between Albany and the Bishop elect at Abernethy in the summer of 1402, Thomas renounced his rights as Bishop and allowed a new "election" to take place.
After a meeting between Albany and Thomas Stewart, the contemporary Bishop-elect in the summer of 1402, Thomas renounced his rights as Bishop and allowed a new "election" to take place.
After Andrew Jackson received authority to take possession of the Florida Territory, ceded by Spain in 1821, he divided the whole territory into two counties, along the Suwannee River.
After an encouraging start which saw Fisichella finish second at two successive races and take pole in Austria, the team sat a comfortable third place in the Constructors' Championship.
After another adventure, they finally rescue the troupe, and take shelter in a convent.
After another uncharacteristly subpar 1999-2000 season totaling under 7 sacks consecutive seasons (1998-1999),(1999-2000), he was by asked to take a pay cut by a new Saints staff headed by coach Jim Haslett.
After an unpleasant scene at a rowdy public house Sam decides to take Yvonne into his confidence.
After appealing to the Seljuks he received assistance from Tutush, brother of the Great Seljuk sultan Malik Shah I, but was shortly afterwards imprisoned and strangled on the orders of Tutush, who proceeded to take control of his former territories.
After a series of maneuvres, the Byzantine army under Heraclius, which in the previous year had invaded Persia, caught up with Shahrbaraz's army, which was heading towards the Byzantine capital, Constantinople, where his forces would take part in its siege together with the Avars.
After a short siege, the Saracens were able to storm the seaward walls, overcome the Thessalonians' resistance and take the city on 29 July.
After a slow start, the studio began to take off in 1940 after its short The Milky Way became the first non-Disney cartoon to win the Academy Award for Best Short Subjects: Cartoons.
After a terrorist attack in Leicester, survivors take cover from zombies.
After a third place in 2000, Eriksson edged Mika Ahola by one point to take his fifth world title in 2001.
After a thorough cleaning, fumigation, and change of ballast, she departed Newport on 23 September 1799 to take station at Cap Francois, San Domingo.
After attempting to audition for a new vocalist, it was decided that the guitarist Art Karamian would take over as the band's vocalist.
After authorizing an expedition to take Matamoros, Mexico, the council named several men, simultaneously, to organize and lead the assault.
After a violent gang murders his friend, Harry decides to take justice into his own hands.
After a year in the Le Mans Endurance Series, he returned to the FIA GT with Vitaphone Racing, helping the squad take two Team titles before winning the Drivers title himself in 2007.In spite of having won the drivers title in the GT1 class, Biagi downgraded to GT2 in 2008, to drive a Ferrari 430 for AF Corse.
After Baker retired, spelling bee officials asked Alex Cameron to take Baker's place.
After beating the disease, he joined the Nationwide Tour in 1997 but had to take a break from golf in 1998 and 1999 after it reemerged.
After becoming the ruler of ancient Iran Kai Khosrow prepared an army to seek to avenge his father's death for which he appointed nobles to take command.
After being recruited by Gambino crime family boss John Gotti to take over the family, he was suspected of engaging in homosexual activity and was murdered in January 1992.
After being released from prison, Tommy agrees to take part in a deal for an old friend, in which he was ambushed.
After being snubbed for a spot as a spare in the 1998 World Rowing Championships, Kristine decided to take up speedskating at the age of 24 (despite having only skated once in her life).
After Birmingham, Collmus moved to California and became the announcer at Golden Gate Fields in the San Francisco area, a position he held until 1991 when he moved to take over announcing duties at Suffolk Downs in East Boston, Massachusetts.
After boiling in salt water they take on a strong salty taste and become softer with the length of cooking, somewhat resembling a pea or bean, to which they are related.
After bungling a delivery and being forced to go on the run, he decides to take his estranged grandmother Rosa (Viveca Lindfors) on a quest to seek financial compensation for her husband's death of black lung disease after a lifetime working as a coal miner.
After captaining Auckland in the 2008 ITM Cup season, Atiga made the decision to take a break from professional rugby.
After Carpenter witnesses the effect Nectar is having on his fellow soldiers, and after a twist in the storyline Shane then turns rogue and teams up with The Promise Hand to take on Mantel.
After Clark spun, Taylor was able to keep the lead for the last ten laps to take the victory.
After class she could be seen holding note pad like want to take down some order from lecturers and students.
After coaching Negeri Sembilan for half a season in 2014, he returns to Singapore to take the helm at Tampines Rovers, and held this position for almost 2 years before agreeing to take charge of Singapore.
After college, Miyamura decided to take up pottery in Japan.
After Columbia declined to take action against Nungesser, Sulkowicz focused their senior thesis on a work of performance art entitled Mattress Performance (Carry That Weight) which involved Sulkowicz carrying a 50-pound dorm mattress on campus to represent the painful burden rape victims carry throughout daily life, and in protest of what they described as Columbia University's mishandling of their sexual assault complaint.
After completing his education he was appointed deputy secretary in the Central Tibetan Administration and was posted to take charge of a remote Tibetan refugee settlement in western Nepal from October 1973.
After completing one season with a record of 4 wins and 7 losses, Fox resigned to take a position as assistant coach at Cisco College where he can be near his family.
After completing the term, most former Moderators take on the role of a church statesman or stateswoman.
After completion of a 1,000 hour, seven-month full-time or 13- month part-time program, graduates are eligible to take the New York State Board exam for Licensing in Massage Therapy.
After completion of education of inmates, she and her NGO take care of rehabilitation of inmates specially visually challenged girls.
After conducting the interview, Becker decided to take a break from big city television news.
After Copland had written the score, Robbins reneged on his commitment and the performance did not take place.
After crash landing, Turok discovers that the planet is home to all manner of dinosaurs, and must fight both the predatory creatures and Kane's private army on his mission to take down his former mentor.
After dealing with that episode, Epic elected to take the publishing rights elsewhere for future titles and eventually settled on a deal with Midway Games.
After destroying everything they could not take with them, to prevent the abandoned station to be of service to anyone else, Momber and his garrison left on January 25, 1710, to Batavia on the ship Beverwaart.
After discovering it in Michael's room along with his stash of drugs, the cartoon characters proceed to work together and take him on a fantasy journey to teach him the risks and consequences a life of drug use can bring.
After discovering that corrugated cardboard layered enough times in alternate directions builds strength into the piece and make it suitable for the everyday use, Gehry created a series of pieces of furniture such as the "Easy Edges Wiggle Side Chair" that take advantage of the versatility of cardboard as a medium.
After disembarking at Hull, such emigrants would typically take a train to Liverpool before boarding a transatlantic liner.
After Doe's murder in September 1990, he went into exile in the United States, but returned in 1993 to take over the leadership of the Liberia Peace Council (LPC), a rebel group that participated in the Liberian Civil War.
After doing her course, she went to Sydney University with fellow Australian writer Libby Gleeson to take another writing course.
After dominating the leaderboard throughout much of the competition, Cruise and Solimeo bounced back from their first and only dance-off in the semifinal to win the show and take home the mirrorball trophy.
After drink the water again take the sword, but can't take it back.
After each correct answer, the contestant can continue playing, risking what has already been earned, or quit the game and take home all the money he or she has already earned.
After each section of liner notes, the reader is "required" to take a multiple choice test to see if he/she has understood the material.
After engine replacement, the aircraft was able to take off from the disused runway at Michoud and subsequently returned to service.
After failing to take Lilybaeum, Pyrrhus decided to take the war on Carthage's own soil in Africa for which he built a fleet, but his preparations were frustrated by Greek resistance to the heavy demands the expedition exacted on the Sicilians.
After finishing 12th in Division 1 the season previous, St Helens were expected to take part in Division 2 from 1905.
After finishing high school, she studied at secretarial school, but left to take a position as a copywriter at a radio station in Perth when she was 17 years old.
After fire forming, the spent case will take on the new dimensions of the firearm's chamber.
After four wins from his next five fights he got a shot at Andy Straughn's British title in February 1987; Smith won on points to take the title.
After fulfilling his need to get her in bed with him, he is still dissatisfied and decides to take on a managerial role in her career.
After further talks failed, more strikes were announced to take place on Thursday 29 October, Friday 30 October and Saturday 31 October.
After gaining IOC recognition in February 1936, Bermuda were invited to take part in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
After going through a few preliminary rounds, fans of K-pop are invited by the South Korean government to take part in the final round of the competition held every year in Changwon, South Korea.
After graduating from Queen's, he went to McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario for his master's degree in philosophy, and here he began to take his performing more seriously.
After graduation, she moved to Manhattan, took an apartment at 929 West End Avenue on the Upper West Side with her best friend Sea Glassman, and began to take drama classes at Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theater.
After handling the Railway Cup final in 1967, he later took take charge of that year's All-Ireland football final.
After hanging his boots up he then decided to take up coaching.
After having an argument with her lover, she left his bed in the middle of the night to take a walk.
After having foreseen an approaching storm, Max must take on the responsibility to prevent it from destroying her town.
After having received criticism over the years for violating the principle of net neutrality, in February 2018 the Wikimedia Foundation announced the end of the initiative, stating that it would take a new approach on partnerships.
After having started eighth after a dismal performance in the preliminary heat, McLaren came through the pack to take the win in what he described as his greatest performance.
After he and two Russian accomplices (played by Jamie Foreman and Russell Smith) take several hostages, they realize the heirloom is guarded by a crazy serial killer, who begins killing off both criminals and hostages indiscriminately.
After he failed to retain his seat at the 2002 and 2005 elections, Wright was forced to take on a job at a Panel-beaters until he was appointed a Member of the Transit board in 2005.
After he finds out it is an Italian Vespa, Chris decides to take it to L.A. anyway with a reluctant Peter, and they embark on a cross-country journey that allows them to explore the US and discover the nature of people and their own contradictions.
After he grabbed a twentieth seed on the morning prelims with a time of 36.689, Prokop scored a total of 18 placing points to take the sixth spot in his quarterfinal heat, thus eliminating him from the tournament.
After he grabbed a twenty-eighth seed on the opening round with a time of 36.860 and then finished fourth in the quarterfinals, Molina scored a total of 16 placing points to take the sixth spot in his semifinal heat, thus missing out on a chance to compete for the medals at the final race.
After he grabbed a twenty-first seed on the opening round with a time of 35.776, Evans scored a total of 19 placing points to take the penultimate spot against seven other riders in his quarterfinal heat, thus eliminating him from the tournament.
After he had been ill for 12 days, the Swans did take Matthew to the hospital, but his illness had progressed too far and he died of meningitis.
After her death, it was decided to take as many as possible of the stories she had tentatively chosen and publish them in three annual volumes, thus extending the series.
After her death Louis decides to take revenge on the family, and to take the dukedom, by murdering the eight people ahead of him in succession to the title.
After her marriage in 1995, she refused to take up any film offers.
After her resignation on September 21, 2001, she put in O. Panneerselvam, as the official 13th Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, until she could clear up the charges from her first term, so she can take up the mantle of Chief Minister officially, on March 2, 2002.
After his death in 1976, Irish mobster Danny Greene attempted to take over the Cleveland crime family.
After his death the Byzantine Emperor Basil II was forced to pull back from Bulgaria and was unable to take advantage of his success in the recent Battle of Kleidion.
After his five-wicket haul against South Africa, Bhuvneshwar Kumar became the first Indian bowler to take a five-wicket haul in all formats of the game.
After investigation, the Historic Ireland Preservation Trust will evaluate the situation, and if necessary, take action.
After it defaulted on some loans, the Chicago City Council voted in November 2010 to have the City Colleges of Chicago take over the Center and use it for a consolidated Performing Arts program.
After joining Sun in 1992, McGowan took on the role of vice president of finance and planning for North America and Australia, and he moved on three years later in 1995 to take on a VP of finance and planning for the company's Worldwide Field Organization in the Computer Systems division.
After Judy's mother dies, Travers and his fiance, Diane Manners (Aileen Pringle), take responsibility for Judy's care.
After Kim Jong-Il suffered a stroke in the summer of 2008, arrangements were made for his third son, Kim Jong-un, to take power upon his death.
After learning of the abuse, Darby was the first person to take steps to alert the U.S. military command.
After Leung Chang discovers that his father has been deceiving him, he becomes inspired to study martial arts more seriously and attempts convince a kung fu expert to take him on as a student.
After losing a thrilling game 1 by two points, Pacific rallied to win the next three to take the title with the scores of 15-7, 15-12, 15-13.Future Olympian sisters Elaina Oden and Kim Oden played against each other in the final.
After losing a two sets to love lead, Murray regained his prior momentum to take the deciding set, and clinch his first ever Grand Slam victory.
After losing the first two games by the scores of 15-12, 15-13, UCLA completed off a stunning comeback to take the next three games, 15-12, 15-6, 15-11 to win it all.
After Matheussen resigned from the Senate in May 2003 to take the post at the DRPA, his Senate seat was filled by Assemblyman George Geist.
After moving to Paris, her career in modeling started to take off as she was featured in 13 French Elle covers in the course of one year.
After nearly ten years with the group, Harkin decided to take some time off and tour on his own.
After nearly three decades of service with the Essex Police and Scotland Yard, in 2005 he moved to Jamaica to take up a new position as Deputy Police Commissioner of the Jamaica Constabulary Force.
After occupation of Bushehr, British forces decided to take over Delvar, a place they had earlier experienced heavy defeats.
After one game, the Mariners found Dick Williams to take over the role of manager.
After only eighteen months with the club, and before the first game was played, Pernetti resigned to take a job as President of Multimedia for IMG's college sports business.
After originally obtaining a place at the University of Exeter, Wing decided to take a gap year before obtaining a scholarship to Stanford University to compete for their NCAA gymnastics team as Class of 2015.
After peaking within the top-5 on both the Heatseekers and Hot Country Albums charts, as well as the top-50 on the Billboard 200, Engvall saw his career take off as he remains one of the most popular comedians of the past decade.
After performing surveys of rural land in their county, each Committee was given the power to serve orders to farmers "requiring work to be done, or, in cases of default, to take possession of the land".
After regularly dominant performances in the Western Australian domestic grade cricket competition, he finally received a Pura Cup debut for the Western Warriors in the 2006/07 season, but failed to take any wickets.
After releasing a studio album in early 2004, they decided to take time off; they realized they could record a Christmas album over that period and began work in December 2004.
After releasing five albums from the late 1970s through the early 1980s, her stage fright, anxiety over her rapid success, and her husband's illness and death caused her to take a ten-year hiatus.
After releasing two successful solo albums and one album of remixes, since the last Fischer-Z album, Stream, John Watts had started to take an interest in creating big beat music.
After reporting from the Middle East, in early 2008 she moved to Washington, D.C., to take up her post covering the US State Department.
After resigning from the Washington Star in 1897, Harry went to New York to take a high ranking position in the Columbia Photography Company.
After Rosnoski couldn't find a dentist to take over his practice who could use left-handed tools, Graham ran in his place.
After running into many problems when switching teams and brands for the 2012 Dutch Superbikes season, the rider decided to take a racing sabbatical.
After second stage burnout, staging failed to take place due to the misaligned connectors, and the third stage motor thus fired with the spent second stage still attached to it.
After securing a diploma in engineering, he worked at the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC), but left the company to take up sports coaching as a full-time job.
After serving two terms on city council and with the resignation of Alberta Liberal Party leader Ken Nicol, she decided to run in the 2004 provincial election to take his place in the Lethbridge East riding.
After several attempts to take an enemy gun position had failed, including an attack by tanks, St Clair Tisdall and his troop of infantry charged the position on foot and overran it.
After several years in the ratings wilderness, together they would take the bulletin back to the top of the local ratings by 2013.
After she dies in childbirth he volunteers to take part in a dangerous mission during the war.
After she grabbed a fourteenth seed on the opening round with a time of 37.152, Pries scored a total of 19 placing points to take the penultimate spot against seven other riders in her semifinal heat, thus eliminating her from the tournament.
After skeletonization, if scavenging animals do not destroy or remove the bones, acids in many fertile soils take about 20 years to completely dissolve the skeleton of mid- to large-size mammals, such as humans, leaving no trace of the organism.
After some delay, he was able to take up his position and held it until his death in early 1325.
After some good-natured teasing, the two teens take a dip in the pool.
After some key personnel changes, Queensland then achieved a record 30-point margin to win Game II on 11 June 2008 to level, and on 2 July won Game III 16 - 10 to take the series 2-1 and edge one ahead in the cumulative series tally.
After spending a thousand years in an enchantedly petrified state, the gargoyles (who have been transported from medieval Scotland) are reawakened in modern-day New York City, and take on roles as the city's secret night-time protectors.
After stepping down as the Head of the School of Mathematics and Statistics at UNSW, he moved to the United Kingdom to take up the Mason Chair at the University of Birmingham.
After studying film theory in London in the mid 1990s, Irshad moved to Tokyo to teach English while finding time to make short films and take photographs.
After submitting his work to various syndicates, "United Feature Syndicate" offered him a contract, and he dropped out of CSUS in 1978, just 3 units short of his degree, to take up cartooning full-time.
After subsequent additions to take it to its present size, the resulting park was named after her.
After successful completion of either route the individual becomes eligible to take a certification exam offered by the American Society for Clinical Pathology.
After taking the Bachillerato, a student may enter vocational training (Higher-level Training Cycles, Ciclos Formativos de Grado Superior), or may take the "Selectividad" tests for admission to university.
After Telipinu's return they take part on the conference of gods.
After that inaugural season, the team was originally set to play in the Women's Football Alliance for 2009 as the West Virginia WildKats, but then they decided to take the next two seasons off to reorganize further.
After that, Sega contracted with 2K Games to take over their sports game contracts and the line continued as the Major League Baseball 2K franchise.
After that, the king of Chu sent out an envoy to Ba to take over three towns.
After that, they start growing slowly, as it may take as much as 40 years to grow the size of a baseball.
After the 10" LP format was discontinued, both tracks were reissued on the 12" LP Miles Davis and the Modern Jazz Giants (PRLP 7150), along with "Swing Spring" from Volume 1 (PRLP 196), a previously unreleased alternate take of "The Man I Love", from the same session, and an unrelated track from a later session with his First Great Quintet.
After the 2000 season ended, general manager John Butler left the team to take the same position with the San Diego Chargers.
After the 2015 General election Harin Fernando reigned from the Chief Minister position to take duties as a cabinet minister, Chamara Sampath Dassanayake was appointed.
After the 732 Battle of Tours-Poitiers, the Franks checked Aquitanian sovereignty, and reasserted their authority over Burgundy, but only later in 759 did they manage to take the Mediterranean region of Septimania, due to Andalusi neglect and local Gothic disaffection.
After the acquisition of the land by Bosompem Ntow II, the Bosome people then migrated from the area around present day lake Bosomtwi to take possession of the land.
After the attack, Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned that citizens should not take the law into their own hands.
After the Bracks government intended to take legalizing abortion to the 2006 Victorian state election, Pullen supported an amendment proposed by Christine Campbell to consider the effects of late term abortion.
After the closure, U.S. Congressman George Miller said this was "the ninth closing of a facility owned or managed by the World Wide Association of Specialty Programs," and urged the U.S. State Department to take action regarding the abuse of American children at WWASPS facilities outside the country.
After the competition, Paderina (silver) and Georgian veteran Nino Salukvadze (bronze) posed together, showing the world that their friendship was unaffected by the newly broken-out war in South Ossetia, which only a day earlier had threatened Salukvadze's participation in the Olympics; Salukvadze took the opportunity to take a stand for a peaceful solution.
After the crisis started in 2008, Karim Abadir used the term GIPSI to reflect the sequencing he believed would take place.
After the data has been moved, simply take the old resources off line.
After the death of his first wife, he remarried a rich woman from Zwolle and willingly accepted the offer to take the local rectorate.
After the defeat of the Japanese by IV Corps and XXXIII Corps in Assam, the monsoon intervened before many counterattacks could take place.
After the departure of Erick Rutan from Morbid Angel, Maier auditioned for the guitarist role, and was one of the 3 runners-up to take the position, eventually delegated to Destructhor of Zyklon.
After the departure of John James and Andy Lewis, who left to take over the vacant Denbigh Town post, Corwen appointed former Ruthin Town Reserves manager Neil Jones as first team manager for the 2010/11 season, and was being assisted by Corwen vice Chairman and striker Andrew Roberts.
After the disagreement with the USAC during the previous season, the 65th Indianapolis 500 was not part of the Series, however no competing race was scheduled and most CART teams and drivers did take part.
After the dissolution of Democratic Association of Victoria, ten months after its founding, it would take a decade until socialism would re-emerge as an organized force.
After the election, accusations surfaced that Native Voice was funded by Progressive Conservative (PC) Party organizers to take votes from the New Democratic Party (NDP) in marginal constituencies.
After the executive of the Saint Lucia Labor Party voted to remove their term limit clause and effectively allow current leader, Dr Kenny Anthony to take the party into the 2006 elections he announced his intention not to partake in the General Elections of 2006.
After the fall of Antioch (1268) the popes still appointed patriarchs, who, however, were unable to take possession of the see.
After the fall of the WBF, Strydom decided to take a long break from competing in the mid 1990s.
After the first round results were released on 29 May, the Socialist Party of Albania announced that they would not take up their seats in the National Assembly.
After the first three stages take place in the Netherlands, most of the rest of the race will take place in Italy; France hosts one stage start and one stage finish, while Switzerland also hosts a stage start.
After the hearing of a trial or the argument of a motion a judge might not immediately deliver a decision, but instead take time to review evidence and the law and deliver a decision at a later time, usually in a written form.
After the incident, the Jordanian government pledged to take new anti-terror measures to ensure that this would not happen again.
After their appeal to SVG appeal courts failed, they were notified on Friday, 9 February 1995 that their executions would take place the following Monday morning.
After their mother dies, they move to a segregated town called Estherville to help take care of their sick aunt.
After their turn, the lead rider will swing over, allowing the next rider to take the lead, while the leader goes to the back of the team.
After the Italian forces in North Africa had been reinforced with the Africa Korps under Erwin Rommel during Operation Sonnenblume, Lieutenant General Philip Neame, General Officer Commanding (GOC) Cyrenaica, was captured during Rommel's advance and the Western Desert Force HQ was reactivated on 14 April, under Major-General Noel Beresford-Peirse, to take command of British Commonwealth forces in the western desert and halt the Axis advance at the Egyptian-Libyan border.
After the killing, Drake and Jacob begin to go their separate ways, with Jacob joining a gang of dinosaur-hating humans called the Outsiders and Drake choosing to take on the role of a guardian of Dinotopia.
After the Legislature of the Islands requested a referendum take place, it was approved by the United States Congress on 6 October 1970.
After the Legislature refused to act, farmers began to take things into their own hands.
After the Liberal government of Dalton McGuinty brought in a fully funded tuition fee freeze at public colleges and universities in April 2004, it announced a sweeping review of public post-secondary education was to take place.
After the liberation, Hugh, with a certain age, decides to take a time of rest and travels to Gibraltar, soon to return to its place like Consul General until 1828.
After the paper is exposed to light through a negative, the gelatin emulsion is treated in such a way that highly exposed areas take up an oil-based paint, forming the photographic image.
After the partial success of Mach 6, he wanted to take a break and made trips from Island to the United States.
After the performance the performer offers the torch to all the spectator devotees to warm their palms and touch the palms to their faces (just like the traditional way Hindus take the camphor offering).
After the publication of his first two novels, Boyracers and The Incredible Adam Spark, he became known for his different take on Scots dialect writing, evolving a style specific to Falkirk, suffused with popular culture references and socialist politics.
After the receptor is bound to glucocorticoid, the receptor-glucorticoid complex can take either of two paths.
After the release of the album, the Spyz would take a break before reforming their classic lineup in 1995.
After the removal of streetcars from the city in 1936, the private National City Lines ran the area's bus services; in 1971, voters chose in a referendum for the public to take over this duty.
After the resignations of George Chamberlain (to take up a Senate seat) and Frank W. Benson (due to illness), then President of the Oregon Senate Jay Bowerman took up the role as Governor for the remainder of the term.
After the Rwandan Patriotic Front under Paul Kagame had taken over the country following the Rwandan genocide, Gasana was appointed as ambassador in Washington, US, but did not take office as of November 1994, he was appointed as Minister of Foreign Affairs again.
After the season, head coach Darrell Royal left to take the job at Washington.
After the Second World War, operations were relocated to Lyndhurst, New Jersey to take advantage of the rapid economic and population growth in the region.
After the semi final event the top two teams will meet in the Championship event which will take place at the Los Angeles Forum.
After the series, Dolph Schayes was fired, and Alex Hannum would take over as the new coach.
After the series failed to take root, D'Andrea returned to his role as Jim Gillis on William Bendix's NBC sitcom, The Life of Riley; March became host of CBS's The $64,000 Question.
After the shutdown of Ford medium-duty truck production in 1998, the Freightliner school bus chassis would take over much of the market share owned by Ford.
After the take off, the torso stays upright and vertical, but will begin to quickly torque in order to swing the legs around and upwards.
After the take over by Weigh-Tronix in 2000 the company was again renamed to be called Avery Weigh-Tronix.
After the take over of Navteq by Nokia and Tele Atlas by TomTom, AND is the last independent supplier of digital maps.
After the test, he was told he had a result of "Urgent Action Required", and he began to take Scientology courses.
After the tour for this album, Hooper and Kane said that they, "...had taken the reunion as far as they could take it" and decided to part ways.
After the war, his mother returned to Ireland, where his father, who had survived internment in Japanese hands, returned to take up work as a harbor master.
After the war, the civil aviation industry began to take shape as aero clubs became active from the late 1920s and Trans-Tasman flights were attempted.
After the war, the Special Reserve was abolished and the Militia was resurrected in 1921 to take on its former role.
After the War, thousands of veterans flocked to universities to take advantage of their GI Bill education benefits, which laid a foundation for the AVC to create a strong on-campus presence.
After they put on their rings, they take a vow to remain abstinent.
After they released their best of album, Fingerprints in 2004, they decided to take a break.
After things go too far and Lois confronts Peter over the escalating pranks, Stewie feels betrayed, prompting a repentant Peter to take him to Walt Disney World Resort.
After this, it was inhabited by monks from the Bridlington area who came west to take over Roger de Mowbray's newest priory at Newburgh.
After this, students are then encouraged to take an 11th or 12th grade course in physics, which does use more advanced math, including vectors, geometry, and more involved algebra.
After this, the players take turns emptying the board.
After Thompson the musical guest is shown followed by the entire cast standing on the stairs as people take their pictures.
After three centuries, the Dutch count William III of Holland, made an attempt to take over Friesland during his administration.
After three series of Kath & Kim (2002, 2003 and 2004), Gina Riley and Jane Turner initially planned to take 2005 off from television.
After touring Canada together in 2011 in support of their seven-inch as well as Squire's second solo album, Frederick Squire Sings Shenandoah and Other Popular Hits, and Maki's fifth solo album, Moonshine, the duo decided to take a break from touring and settled in the Copper Cliff area of Sudbury to start a family.
After transferring from a U.S. Army to a United States Shipping Board account, she proceeded to New York to take on a cargo of general supplies.
After Trump dismissed FBI Director James Comey in 2017, a special counsel was appointed to take over an existing FBI investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 elections and related matters, including coordination or links between the Trump campaign and Russian government; the investigation has resulted in several indictments and guilty pleas involving Trump campaign advisors and staff.
After twenty-two years operating a public stable, in 1971 Reggie Cornell was hired by Lucille Markey to take over as head trainer for her fabled Calumet Farm.
After two events, the third round of the series was canceled and no further events appear likely to take place.
After two other actors declined to play the main character, Bateman decided to take on the role himself, and cast the other roles by a combination of contacting friends and open casting calls.
After two separate assault incidents by the Sultan of Johor and his younger son which occurred in 1992, the government was prompted to take up the initiative to call for the removal of legal immunity.
After two years behind Thad Busby, Kendra was scheduled to take over as the Seminoles' starting quarterback in 1998, before tearing the ACL in his right knee during spring practice.
After untimely death of Rukmini's husband she has to take the family business in her hands and thus breaking away from tradition (men only rule) gives birth to many go-throughs.
After varying roles in various bands, Marunas decided to take the stage as a solo act.
After V-E Day, the unit moved into the heart of Germany to take part in disarmament duties.
Afterwards, injuries began to take their toll and DiStefano retired from competition after the 1981 season.
Afterwards, she suggested that a collaborative publicity campaign with Farm Sanctuary was being considered, to take advantage of the attention Buttermilk has received.
Afterwards they were for two years part of the "Reserve", where they had to take part in exercises and parades.
After winning a maiden race at Ascot Racecourse on her debut she defeated twelve opponents to take the Group One Cheveley Park Stakes in September.
After winning one pole and garnering two top-ten finishes with Rudd in 2004 NASCAR Nextel Cup Series, Leslie left the Wood Brothers to take a position as field director for Ford Racing.
After winning two consecutive New Jersey state championships, Hoffmann relocated to the International Junior Golf Academy in Hilton Head, South Carolina to take advantage of the warm-weather and training opportunities.
After working with various local hip hop artists making what he described as "very boring rap beats", Herren was inspired to take his music in a more left-field direction.
After WPAY's owner sold its sister stations to WNKU licensee Northern Kentucky University in January 2011, he was unable to find a buyer for the lone small-market AM station and the decision was made to take the station off the air for financial reasons while seeking a new buyer.
After writing and producing King Arthur: Legend of the Sword, Safehouse's Joby Harold went on to write a new take on the Robin Hood legend for Lionsgate, which Tunnell is producing with Otto Bathurst directing and Taron Egerton, Jamie Foxx, Jamie Dornan, and Ben Mendelsohn starring.
After year 10, students take the middle school exams (Mittlerer Schulabschluss), after which the students have the freedom to choose between the German bilingual Abitur or the International Baccalaureate.
After years of trying, in Jan 2013, Dongbu Group (now known as DB Group) agreed to take over Daewoo Electronics (270 million$) to attain synergies effect with DB families (Especially DB Inc., DB Hitek and Dongbu Steel).
A further boost to the model was seen in July 2012 when the Ouya, a low-cost video game console to be built on the open Android system and designed to take advantage of the mobile video game trend, surpassed $8 million in funding.
A further squadron of Typhoons is expected to take up residence by April 2019.
A further strong drive secured a seat for the remainder of the season with Team SAS and Faulkner went on to take the team's first race win before the season's end.
Again Hanna did not take a catch, though this time he made 4 not out in the first innings and a single in the second.
Again in 2006, Johnsen was tapped by former Warner Bros. studio head Jeff Robinov to take over as president of production at Warner Independent Pictures.
Against Bhutan in the former tournament, Zeeshan was man of the match, scoring 31 from 19 balls opening the batting with Rajesh Ranpura, and then going on to take 2/3 to help Oman win by 124 runs.
Against her mother's wishes, she accepts the aid of an intruder to take her out into the world which she has never seen.
Against the intention of the Egyptian queen he supported in the Roman civil war Gaius Cassius Longinus, but had to take refuge in Tire and was finally handed over to Cleopatra in 41 BC.
A Game of Thrones allows the players to take on the roles of several of the Great Houses vying for control of the Seven Kingdoms, including House Stark, House Lannister, House Baratheon, House Greyjoy, House Tyrell, and as of the expansion A Clash of Kings, House Martell.
A general description of historical Picts is given by one of the children when they first take that name, and a somewhat more detailed explanation is given later by a parent in a letter.
A German formation of one airborne company of Fallschirmjaeger Regiment 2 and a battalion of Air landing troops of IR.65 (22.ID) was envisaged to take the small Air Force Base (AFB) by surprise attack.
Aggression can take a variety of forms, which may be expressed physically, or communicated verbally or non-verbally: including anti-predator aggression, defensive aggression (fear-induced), predatory aggression, dominance aggression, inter-male aggression, resident-intruder aggression, maternal aggression, species-specific aggression, sex-related aggression, territorial aggression, isolation-induced aggression, irritable aggression, and brain-stimulation-induced aggression (hypothalamus).
Aggressive skating can take place on found street obstacles or at skateparks.
A gift, as when Naaman addresses Eliseus: "Now therefore, I pray thee, take a blessing of thy servant".
A goal of compiler and processor designers is to identify and take advantage of as much ILP as possible.
A good number of places named after him are buildings, although a few of them take the form of roads.
A good pass at O-Grade would normally enable a pupil to take the same subject at Higher Grade in his or her fifth (or possibly sixth) year, if so desired.
A government inquiry would subsequently establish that Sutherland's candidacy had been encouraged, financed and organized by leading figures in the riding's Progressive Conservative network, in the hopes that Sutherland would take enough votes away from the NDP to allow a PC victory (the aboriginal communities of northern Manitoba have generally supported the NDP, at least since the early 1970s).
A graduate of the University of California, San Francisco, Rao held a Helen Hay Whitney fellowship at Harvard University and was on the faculty of Washington University in St. Louis and Northwestern University before moving back to China to take up the deanship of Peking University's School of Life Sciences in 2007.
A great benefit was that during live performance the Akai could take the role of the computer to trigger the other instruments.
Agronomy research is beginning to take a close look at cost/benefit analyzes and particular growing methods, in order to address practical concerns of growers.
A group of robbers will take thousands of dollars in artwork if three kids on a field trip do not stop them in time.
A group of villagers are now striving to rebuild the temple dedicated to Lore Venkateswara and the consecration will take place in 2018.
A guitar battle (or guitar duel) is where two or more guitar players take turns soloing, either with or without a rhythm section.
A handful of Christians refuse to take the Mark and try to survive living apart from society.
A headshunt (or escape track in the United States) is a short length of track provided to release locomotives at terminal platforms, or to allow shunting to take place clear of main lines.
A hearing with an administrative law judge is scheduled to take place in August.
A heptahedron can take a surprising number of different basic forms, or topologies.
A higher coefficient of lift is produced as a result of angle of attack and speed, so by deploying slats an aircraft can fly at slower speeds, or take off and land in shorter distances.
A highlight of McPherson's career was possibly his selection as a reserve for Australia for the third test against England in 1946, but he did not take the field.
A high school student generally chooses to take the test to fulfill college entrance requirements for the schools at which the student is planning to apply.
A hill named St. Jago dominated the fort which Coine determined needed be taken if they were to take the fort.
A historian featured in the film has stated that the creationist backing of the film had been concealed when he agreed to take part, that the editing of his words could give a false impression of his views, and that the film presents a historically distorted portrait of Darwin.
A homeless child finds his way into their lives and they decide to take care of him as their own child seeing him as a blessing and naming him Krishna, but it is later on revealed that the child was kidnapped and he was given to Shivum by a woman with a false story.
A home study or homestudy is a screening of the home and life of prospective adoptive parents prior to allowing an adoption to take place.
A humorous take on actual historical events, it focuses on the Dauphin of France, who evolves from a hedonistic young man enamored of women in general (and Joan of Arc in particular) into a regal king while Joan follows her voices to her tragic fate.
A hybrid urban-rural seat located to the east and north of Perth, it takes in the far northern suburbs of the metropolitan area before fanning inland from the Indian Ocean to take in portions of the Wheatbelt southeast, east and northeast of the capital.
Aiken, who was the Bruins' practice goaltender, was called out of the crowd to take Plante's place.
AIPHS students can also take select classes at Merritt College.
Air breathers are typically not able to hold their breath for sufficient time to allow the act of sexual intercourse to take place.
Aircraft are vulnerable on take off, fully loaded and working to gain altitude and speed.
Aircraft can have different ways to take off and land.
Aircraft have to be carefully shaped to take full advantage of this effect.
Aircraft operators may perform some work at their own facilities but often checks, and especially the heavier checks, take place at maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) company sites.
Airdrops aim to take advantage of the network effects by engaging existing holders of a particular blockchain-based currency, such as Bitcoin or Ethereum in their currency or project.
Air Europe suspended operations in December 2008 after Compagnia Aerea Italiana (which was going to take over as the new Alitalia) decided to close down the Air Europe brand.
Air launching provides several advantages over ground launching, giving the smaller craft an altitude and range boost, while saving it the weight of the fuel and equipment needed to take off on its own.
Airmail may be the only option for sending mail to some destinations, such as overseas, if the mail cannot wait the time it would take to arrive by ship, sometimes weeks.
Airport passengers can connect to Route 81, which will take them to the consolidated rental car facility on Haven Avenue, where an airport shuttle will deliver them to the terminal.
AI War was lauded by reviewers for being a fresh take on the RTS genre and bringing something new to the table, but criticized for its learning curve and lackluster graphics.
AIX was founded to take advantage of the DVD-Audio format.
A jungle primary will take place on November 6, with a runoff, if necessary, held on December 8.
A kicker, also called a side card, is a card in a poker hand that does not itself take part in determining the rank of the hand, but that may be used to break ties between hands of the same rank.
A knowledge ark could take the form of a traditional Library or a modern computer database.
A knowledge society differs from an information society in that the former serves to transform information into resources that allow society to take effective action while the latter only creates and disseminates the raw data.
A Kodak Photo Spot (also called Kodak Picture Spot or Kodak Photo Point) is a location with a Kodak-sponsored sign indicating a recommended spot from which to take a photograph.
A Koo-Wee-Rup Swamp Drainage Committee was formed by local landowners and in February 1876 excavation of the main channel to take water from Cardinia Creek was commenced.
A lack of suitable transport negated their use it that campaign, but they did take the lead in Operation Slapstick, which was an amphibious landing at Taranto in Italy.
Al-Amin Hossain of Barisal Bulls is the only bowler to take a hat-trick and a five-wicket haul in a Bangladesh Premier League Match.
A large amount of data on disease reports are collected in order to be able to identify the outbreak of a disease, identify its causes and take corresponding preventive and responsive measures.
A large majority of VLN students attend a home secondary school, but take one or two classes on VLN.
A large number of candidates had exercised their right of appeal and there was opposition to the issue of admissibility which meant that the referendum on self-determination for the people of Western Sahara could not take place before 2002 or beyond.
A large number of romance tours take place every year throughout the world.
A lawyer decides to take justice into their own hands to avenge the death of a fellow political militancy of the 70.
Albania previously attempted to take part in 2004.
Albania was listed as the 17th participant, performing 9th at the first day of semi-finals, however in the end did not take part or broadcast the contest.
Alberta clippers take their name from Alberta, the province from which they appear to descend, and from clipper ships of the 19th century, one of the fastest ships of that time.
Alberta was used to take the Queen to engagements along the south coast of England, and in 1896 she brought the body of Prince Henry of Battenberg to the Isle of Wight for burial.
Albert Ho of the Democratic Party and Frederick Fung of the Hong Kong Association for Democracy and People's Livelihood (ADPL) who were both elected through District Council (Second) constituency lost their seats while Civic Party's Kenneth Chan failed to take a seat in the Southern District.
Albert Jewell was an early US aviator who disappeared off Long Island, New York, on October 13, 1913, en route to Oakwood, Staten Island, in order to take part in the New York Times American Aerial Derby.
Album sales were poor for Under the Lights as fans did not take to the new softer sound on the album.
Alchemy 2016 will take place in Bowdon, Georgia at Little Big Jam.
Ale are considered demons of bad weather whose main purpose is to lead hail-producing thunderclouds in the direction of fields, vineyards, or orchards to destroy the crops, or loot and take them away.
Alec Rodriques, the son of Kelly Rodriques, has taken on the company name, and in teaming up with fellow film fanatic Chris, they hope to take visual film media to the next level.
A Left-arm fast-medium bowler, Abdulla was named in the Emerging Players squad to take part in the 4 Nations tournament in 2007 and played in the following years competition as well.
A legal threat is a statement by a party that it intends to take legal action on another party, generally accompanied by a demand that the other party take an action demanded by the first party or refrain from taking or continuing actions objected to by the demanding party.
A lender may take legal action to get the money back.
A lengthy shaggy dog story derives its humor from the fact that the joke-teller held the attention of the listeners for a long time (such jokes can take five minutes or more to tell) for no reason at all, as the end resolution is essentially meaningless.
A letter addressed to "a freshman at Neophogen" appeared in the Harvard Crimson in 1877, advising: Be particular in little things; do not throw off your collar because you are warm, nor take off your collar because it has begun to melt.
Alexander Construction Company was a Palm Springs, California, residential development company that built over 2,200 houses in the Coachella Valley of Riverside County, California, between 1955 and 1965.The construction of these homes doubled the size of Palm Springs and caused the city to take on a new shape, direction, and character as an enclave of modern architecture in the Mid-century modern style.
Alexander defeated Republican former state Representative Bob Snelling to take the seat.
Alexander Severus, apprehensive lest some tumult should arise at Rome, were he openly to take vengeance on Epagathus, nominated him prefect of Egypt.
Alexander Wallace in 1904 not long after a very public conflict with Director of the Dept. of Public Safety Harry Moore McTighe then went into real estate but was not long there before becoming ill with the disease that would eventually take his life.
Alexander was told by the papacy to take the oath of fealty to the Pope Martin V in the presence of the Bishop of Glasgow and the Bishop of Dunkeld.
Alfred did so, but stole one of the bones to take back with him to Durham; the shrine however could not be moved by any strength of man until the bone was replaced.
Alfred Shaw was the first Englishman to take a five wicket haul at Test debut.
Algorithmic skeletons take advantage of common programming patterns to hide the complexity of parallel and distributed applications.
Algorithms may take advantage of visual perception and the statistical properties of image data to provide superior results compared with generic compression methods.
Alias users take advantage from existing Autodesk technology and infrastructure.
Ali Baba describes business practices in Malaysia and Indonesia involving indigenous and non-indigenous cooperation to take advantage of favorable legal provisions.
Alice Eve will take on the role within the Marvel Cinematic Universe, debuting in the second season of Iron Fist in 2018.
Aliens take control of mannequins to take over the world, and they have already taken over the Mall of America, trapping two friends inside.
A line of credit take several forms, such as overdraft protection, demand loan, special purpose, export packing credit, term loan, discounting, purchase of commercial bills, traditional revolving credit card account, etc.
A liquid rocket booster (LRB) consists of liquid fuel and oxidiser as booster to give a liquid-propellant rocket or a hybrid rocket an extra boost at take off.
A list of all Group jump races over horse jumps which take place annually in Italy.
A list of notable flat horse races which take place annually in France, under the authority of France Galop, including all conditions races which currently hold Group 1, 2 or 3 status in the European Pattern.
A list of notable flat horse races which take place annually in Germany, including all conditions races which currently hold Group 1, 2 or 3 status in the European Pattern.
A list of notable flat horse races which take place annually in Great Britain, under the authority of the British Horseracing Authority (BHA), including all conditions races which currently hold Group 1, 2 or 3 status in the European Pattern.
A list of notable flat horse races which take place annually in Ireland, under the authority of Horse Racing Ireland, including all conditions races which currently hold Group 1, 2 or 3 status in the European Pattern.
A list of notable flat horse races which take place annually in Italy, including all conditions races which currently hold Group 1, 2 or 3 status in the European Pattern.
A list of notable flat horse races which take place annually in Scandinavia, including all conditions races which currently hold Group status in the European Pattern.
A list of notable flat horse races which take place annually in the United Arab Emirates, including all conditions races which currently hold Group 1, 2 or 3 status.
A list of notable flat horse races which take place annually in Turkey, including all conditions races which currently hold Group status in the European Pattern.
A list of notable harness horse races which take place annually in Scandinavia, which currently hold Group status in Europe.
A list of notable jump horse races which take place annually in France, under the authority of France Galop, including all events which presently hold Group 1, 2 or 3 status.
A list of notable National Hunt horse races which take place annually in Great Britain, under the authority of the British Horseracing Authority, including all races which currently hold Grade 1, 2 or 3 status.
A list of notable National Hunt horse races which take place annually in Ireland, under the authority of Horse Racing Ireland, including all races which currently hold Grade 1 or Grade 2 status.
ALJs can administer oaths, take testimony, rule on questions of evidence, and make factual and legal determinations.
All actions take place inside a sterile shrouded chamber inside the machine.
All circuit cups (there are five total) take the name of letters from the Greek alphabet (Alpha, Gamma, Delta, Epsilon, Omega), with each cup having five tracks (so 25 tracks total).
All convictions were to take place within ten days of the offense, and be recorded in a special book kept for the purpose.
All countries were urged to co-operate with the ICTR and its organs and to take measures under domestic law to implement the present resolution.
All courses take place at Thompson International Speedway, a 5/8-mile high-banked oval.
All destruction activities must take place under OPCW verification.
All discussions take place under the Chatham House Rule.
All elections take place by universal adult suffrage and are regulated by law.
Allen-Babcock Computing was founded in Los Angeles in 1964 by James D Babcock and Michael Jane Allen Babcock to take advantage of the fast-growing market for computer time-sharing services.
Allen & Bekoff (1997, chapter 5) attempt to show how cognitive ethology can take on the central questions of cognitive science, taking as their starting point the four questions described by Barbara Von Eckardt in her 1993 book What is Cognitive Science?, generalizing the four questions and adding a fifth.
All England Open, officially YONEX All England Open 2018 is a badminton tournament which will take place at Arena Birmingham in England from 14 to 18 March 2018 and has a total purse of $1,000,000.
All entries are placed in alphabetical order by surname, paying particular attention to any double-barrelled surnames, in which the letters of the first surname take priority.
Allergies tend to become evident and intensify over extended periods of time and can take years to develop.
All EU member states take part in the agency, except Denmark, which has opted out of the CFSP.The EDA and the European External Action Service (EEAS) together form the Secretariat of the Permanent Structured Cooperation (PESCO), the structural integration pursued by 25 of the 28 national armed forces of the EU since 2017.
All events take place in Laugharne's clubs, churches and halls, tiny and intimate venues which entail the close proximity of audience and performers.
All events take place inside the Impact! Zone.
All events take place two years before Pierce's previously published Emelan universe novels The Will of the Empress and Melting Stones.
All examinees that take the test are given one of the two forms.
Alley cats almost always take place in cities, and are often organized by bicycle messengers.
All four inter-provincial sides in the season long T20 competition, the Inter-Provincial Trophy, will take part.
All freshmen students are required to take a core course on this particular theme.
All future development of TREX will take place as part of the RELAX NG effort.
All games involved a team from either New York State or Pennsylvania, and only the 1997 game, hosted by Georgetown University, did not take place in either one of those states.
All grade levels take field trips to various locations, and rising seniors have the opportunity to participate in a summer tour of historic and cultural sites in Greece and Italy.
All graduating students of Grade 6, 9 and 12 receive an MIS Diploma of Study from MIS International Standard exams, as well as choosing to take the National Examinations as a prerequisite to study in other Indonesian schools and universities.
All group stage matches will take place at the Rizal Memorial Stadium.
All Hours features 11 songs written and produced by Chase and Schlesinger; they take influence from electropop, indie pop and synth-pop music.
Alliance for Climate Education, or ACE, educates young people on the science of climate change and empowers them to take action.
All India Secondary School Examination (also known as AISSE) is a centralized public examination that students (belonging to CBSE-Affiliated schools) in India take after class 10.
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship was the 125th edition of the GAA's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament, played between 31 counties of Ireland (excluding Kilkenny who only take part in the hurling championship), London and New York.
All Line 2 trains that operate up to this station take the Sinjeong Branch to the serviced at the Sinjeong Train Servicing Depot, located next to Yangcheon-gu Office Station.
All manufactured products are the result of a design process, but the nature of this process can take many forms: it can be conducted by an individual or a large team; it can emphasize intuitive creativity or calculated scientific decision-making, and often emphasizes both at the same time; and it can be influenced by factors as varied as materials, production processes, business strategy and prevailing social, commercial or esthetic attitudes.
All members are encouraged to take part in racing and the club has a strong track record of developing novice rowers to a highly competitive standard.
All nine short stories and the novel take place in the American south during the late 1800s and early 1900s (Porter 1955).
All of Leach's comics take place in the Donald Duck universe.
All of the books currently written in the series take place in her first year.
All of them take place in a fictional English coastal town called Shackleton-on-Sea that is situated in the south of England not far from Brighton and Hove.
All of the sketches in the series are implied to take place in the fictionalized suburban setting of the Quad Cities.
All orchestra concerts take place at the 900-seat Richardson Auditorium Richardsonian Romanesque, a historic concert hall located on the campus of Princeton University.
All other parties are either outlawed or allowed to take only a limited and controlled participation in elections.
Allowing a crowdsourced project to take over production responsibilities was seen as "unprecedented."
All participating swimmers would take part in 2 heats based on qualifying time.
All parties in the country were urged to take measures to resolve the current political impasse and the government in particular was requested to establish an electoral commission for the presidential elections.
All parties were urged to implement the provisions of the Abuja Accord, while the transitional government was asked to take action to avoid further violations of the ceasefire.
All pilots that take part in these sports in South Africa must be licensed by SAHPA, as required by the South African Civil Aviation Authority.
All players have to be under the age of 18 in the year in which they take part here.
All programs take place on the native prairie of Grasslands National Park.
All prospective students are invited to take a written mathematics aptitude test.
All races take place in a generic city at night called Olympic City, though the city bears some resemblance to New York City, San Francisco and Los Angeles.
All School Open Days are held throughout the year, usually in March and September and a number of school specific open events are held at various points throughout the year where prospective families are invited to visit, take a tour of the school and meet staff.
All schools are able to take part in the Festival.
All streets take the "Baberton" name but some streets in Juniper Green also take the name.
All students attending Christian Heritage School are required to take a Bible class corresponding to their grade level and attend weekly chapel services.
All students attending the School District of Philadelphia are required to take African American History to graduate.
All students have the opportunity to take part in this show.
All students in grades 3 through 8 and high school sophomores take the ISTEP+ each spring, with language arts and math covered in each test.
All students take a minimum of 30 semester hours of Bible.
All students take English and Environmental Science, and electives include U.S. History, Chemistry, Physics, a variety of Math courses, Art, Humanities and Languages.
All students who entered 9th grade prior to the 2011-2012 school year must still take the TAKS test; all students entering high school in the 2011-2012 school year or later must switch to the STAAR test.
All symposiums take place at the Fields Institute in Toronto, Canada.
All teachers collectively take on decision-making roles about curriculum and school climate.
All teens who are accepted into the program undergo a rigorous training process to ensure that they are ready to take calls.
All the French communes can take part and there are no application fees.
All the games in the Xeno series take place within a science fiction setting despite occurrences of fantasy elements, with its stories frequently featuring psychological and religious themes.
All the other audio taggers available for Linux take a different approach to user interface design.
All these components take part in forming the spermatozoan.
All these inputs must be high for the up transition to take place.
All these regimens take advantage of the synergistic effects of combining multiple chemotherapy agents.
All the thief manages to take is her toy bank, containing 29 cents.
All the three films revolves around the same plot of a coward who gets possessed by the ghosts to take revenge on the people who killed them, rest of the films shows how he takes revenge.
All three male members were in contention, but due to Bernard Sumner's voice being significantly different from Curtis', New Order opted for him to take the role, wanting New Order's sound to be different from Joy Division's.
All three musicians swap instruments and take turns singing and songwriting, and are often joined by Dennis Goodwin (lap steel, guitar, banjo) and Bob Deveau (drums).
All three of the main parties promised to take action on Lords reform in the 2010 general election, and following it the Coalition Agreement included a promise to "establish a committee to bring forward proposals for a wholly or mainly elected upper chamber on the basis of proportional representation".
All three schools take both boys and girls from the age of 3 or 4 until the time they leave for their next senior or intermediate preparatory schools.
All three stories take place in his native Friesland.
All title matches take place under best two-out-of-three falls rules.
All transplant clinics, tissue-typing laboratories, and hospitals in the member countries where organ donations take place are included in the exchange.
All Venturers who take part in an Amory Award expedition (whether or not they are members of the winning company) receive a participation badge to wear on the uniform.
All were forced to admit to having a mental illness and had to agree to take antipsychotic drugs as a condition of their release.
Almost all of Wright's books (save American Chillers) take place in his home state of Michigan.
Almost seven years after his original post, Frum wrote that even though it was "my suicide note in the organized conservative world" he stood firm in his prediction, and urged Republicans to take a more cooperative role in health care reform.
A local wedding planner can take care of the different procedures.
A lo-fi transcription of the concert version was included on an Australian Monkees compilation in the early 1980s, Monkeemania: 40 Timeless Hits From The Monkees, while an alternate studio take appeared on a Rhino Records album, Monkee Flips, in 1984.
A logical spreadsheet is a spreadsheet in which formulas take the form of logical constraints rather than function definitions.
A Lok Adalat can take up civil cases (including marriage, and family disputes) and compoundable criminal cases.
A lone Scott Doney goal in the first half was enough to take three points from Dayton in the sole trip outside Michigan.
Along its length are interactive notice boards, and scenic seats to take in the billabongs and flood plains which are covered in Australian plants and bird-life.
Alongside having a satirical take on current events, politics, and show business, BoJack is lauded for its realistic take on dealing with depression, trauma, addiction, self-destructive behavior, and the human experience.
Alongside the series will take place live events at which the story is told.
Along the way, several characters are introduced with candor, intelligence and sarcastic humor - a fresh take on the generalized "Thug Life" or "Ricer" street racing attitude that was growing disproportionately after the release of The Fast and the Furious series.
A longtime proponent of direct-to-fan marketing and social media, Boekbinder gained publicity for her take on touring/show-booking via a Kickstarter campaign.
Along with children and teens of this age, Teen Musical Theater will sometimes add "Guest Stars" to the shows who take on roles such as Daddy Warbucks in Annie and The Man In Chair from The Drowsy Chaperone.
Along with Clara Boscaglia and Marina Busignani Reffi, she was one of the first three women elected to the Grand and General Council, in 1974; ultimately Reffi did not take her seat, though Boscaglia did.
Along with South Korea, most competitions take place in Europe, North America and China.
A lot of rival mob organizations have tried to take it down and failed.
Alpha is the more methodical game, where players take turns replacing one of the letters on the table with one from their hand or destroying a letter with a Blitz, then making the longest word they can.
Already an avid bridge player, she played "all the time" when broken bones and blurry vision forced her to take one-year leave from school, and subsequently decided to drop out in favor of the card game as a career.
Already in that first year, Theo Middelkamp won a stage, but it would take until 1951 before Wim van Est was the first Dutch cyclists to wear the yellow jersey.
Al-Saji believes that feminist phenomenology must take an intersectional approach to its work, one that accounts for the fact that gender cannot be treated in a vacuum apart from other axes of oppression.
Also, a process of identification with the aggressor can take place, for example, as happens in regression.
Also because the CBBS hardware and software supported only a single modem for most of its existence, users had to take turns accessing the system, each hanging up when done to let someone else have access.
Also beginning with season three, the series began to take on the lighthearted, whimsical tone of the Superman comic books of the 1950s.
Also best competitors will take part in the CMT Summer Tour.
Also, Bramley Camp houses an Army facility where military training and maneuvers take place.
Also called fascia, these tissues take part in a body-wide tensional force transmission network and are responsive to training stimulation.
Also devotees take holy dip in the river to perform rites.
Also during the 2008 season, he took a Second XI Championship hat-trick against Northamptonshire II at Brunton Memorial Ground, Radlett, becoming the first MCC Young Cricketer to take a hat-trick in the Second XI Championship.
Also, each computer-controlled player seems better in a particular event depending on his country: Germans usually take the top spots in archery, Italians on swimming, Russians on pole vault, Americans on sprinting and so on.
Also, evil Wolfram & Hart lawyer Lindsey approaches Kate to help them take revenge on Faith and Angel.
Also, flood risk management plans shall take into account the relevant environmental objectives of Article 4 of Directive 2000/60/EC, commonly known as the 'Water Framework Directive'.
Also, if all games were needed in the first double-elimination round, it would take eight days to complete rather than seven.
Also in 2016 the U18s , Leaguetag and First Grade all won minor Premierships and went on to take home the Premiership trophy whilst Reserve Grade scrapped into 5th position and went on to win the Premiership.
Also, in recent years, group purchasing has begun to take root in the nonprofit community.
Also, more international tournaments now take place in Pakistan.
Also of note is the fact that, unlike the comics, which were set in the fictional town of Greendale, and the eventual television series (located in an equally fictional town named Westbridge), the television film was said to take place in Riverdale.
Also, public authorities are not required to take into account people's fundamental rights arising under the Human Rights Act 1998 as relevant considerations before arriving at decisions.
Also, research from Berliner (1988) and Brophy & Good (1986) shows that the time a teacher must take to correct misbehavior caused by poor classroom management skills results in a lower rate of academic engagement in the classroom.
Also, several other events take place here, such as pep rallies and the University's Relay For Life.
Also she is the only woman cricketer to take 100+ wickets as well as to score 1000+ runs in WODI for Sri Lanka.
Also, since an autoloader can take up less volume inside a tank than a human, it potentially allows for a lower profile, making the tank harder to hit.
Also, students take classes such as philosophy, rhetoric, logic, apologetics, as well as Latin and Greek.
Also, the British East India company (EIC) chartered Scarborough to take a cargo of tea back to Britain after her two voyages transporting convicts.
Also the overall winner, "Nuestra Belleza Universo 2012" will take home even more prizes than years before, including a brand new Honda car.
Also there is a Marine corps JROTC that students can take as one of their electives.
Alternately the walk can be combined with boat trip and may only take 3 days and 2 nights.
Alternatively, a DIYer may take an existing manufactured item of vintage era and update or modify it.
Alternatively, internet bottlenecks have been seen as a way for ISPs to take advantage of their dominant market-power increasing rates for content providers to push past bottlenecks.
Alternatively, players may take challenges where the task is to fix the problems of an existing resort in a specified period of time.
Alternatively, the concept of "free-ness" may take other forms, such as no-fare access via a card which may or may not be paid for in its entirety by the user.
Alternatively, traders could take on large short positions themselves, manipulating the price with the large volume of selling, making the strategy self-perpetuating.
Alternative media take many forms including print, audio, video, Internet and street art.
Alternatives can take the form of fines, restorative justice, transformative justice or no punishment at all.
Alternative terms, with no ambiguity as to which hemisphere is the context, are "June solstice" and "December solstice", referring to the months in which they take place every year.
Although all countries founded after the breakup of Yugoslavia each now have their own national domestic leagues, each of the six nations now take part in the Adriatic League, which was founded in 2001, and which is today the closest league in existence similar to the former Yugoslav Basketball League.
Although an all-boys school, CHA students in the upper school (grades 9-12) take coeducational classes with Springside students through the Springside-Chestnut Hill Academy, which is the unified upper school of CHA and Springside.
Although an all-girls school, Springside students in grades 9-12 have the opportunity to take coeducational classes in the Springside-Chestnut Hill Academy, which is the unified upper school of Springside and Chestnut Hill.
Although a permanent staff gradually began to take shape, the main substantive work occurred in the departments.
Although a permanent visa, this visa can also be used to take short holidays or business trips in Australia as an alternative to the Electronic Travel Authority.
Although approximately 96% of the population had access to at least one digital service, take up was initially sluggish, with only 28% of Australia's 7.8 million households having adopted free-to-air digital television by March 2007.
Although a screw-in cap takes more time to remove in order to take a photograph than a standard lens cap, it is stronger than plastic and therefore more protective.
Although a traditionally animated film, it blends animation with computer generated, 3D scenery and objects that take up 20% of its environment.
Although Babette's Supper Club was not around in the earliest days of Prohibition as depicted in the aforementioned series, the Knife & Fork would have been the closest establishment to mirror the scenes which take place in Babette's on the show at that time and indeed it was chosen to portray the other legendary long gone establishment in the series.
Although Bharam had let Tus know of the situation and Firoud's offer to lead and march against Turan, Tus still seems to be angry, refuses to take Bahram's words, tells him that he would perish this young Turk and assembles the army.
Although both types can be associated with inaccurate results, functional impulsivity is often considered a point of pride because it can help individuals take full advantage of opportunities.
Although brought in to replace former chief presenter Chris Tarrant, who'd left to present O.T.T., Astley himself said he was there to take over James's old role.
Although burials continue to take place there occasionally, they only take place on existing plots.
Although Carlton were the favorites to win, it was Richmond who would take the flag by 30 points, marking that club's eighth premiership victory.
Although comparable to Raw in popularity from the beginning, Nitro began to dominate its rival in television ratings, based largely on the strength of the New World Order (nWo), a rebellious group of wrestlers that wanted to take over WCW.
Although Dempsey didn't take this advice, he thought the answer was "a good title".
Although direct elections take place every five years, there are no cohesive political parties in the national sense.
Although Eastern Orthodox do not normally bless themselves with holy water upon entering a church like Catholics do, a quantity of holy water is typically kept in a font placed in the narthex (entrance) of the church, where it is available for anyone who would like to take some of it home with them.
Although elected a member of the 31st parliament, Erskine-Bolst was unable to take his seat as the House had adjourned, and did not meet again prior to dissolution.
Although evidence has been found for different types of aggression like threat displays, defense displays, and attack, it is important to realize why these aggressions take place.
Although few had the equipment necessary to take advantage of this, free wireless internet became a major component of the small coffee shop business model across America.
Although forbidden to take off, the jet did reach 150mph in three seconds along the tarmac.
Although forest plots can take several forms, they are commonly presented with two columns.
Although Formosa Betrayed has been regarded as a "pan-green movie", its writers say they did not take sides over the Pan-Blue/Pan-Green political divide.
Although games in Lebanon in 2009 were considered, they ultimately did not take place.
Although GM sperm has the potential to detect and treat genetic diseases, it will likely take many years for successful use in patients.
Although Guam is often considered part of Oceania, it tends to take part in Asian rugby tournaments.
Although Guardian was first used the latest of 2005, on August 21, 2007, the US Department of Defense announced that Guardian would take over data collection and reporting which had been handled by the TALON database system.
Although hamster balls have air holes, hamsters should be allowed to take breaks and leave the ball regularly due to a lack of water that could induce heatstroke or exhaustion.
Although hazing is often associated with the activities that take place as a prerequisite for joining a group, it can also include activities that take place as an established member, such as the 2011 death of fraternity brother George Desdunes.
Although he arrived to take up a position of assistant coach, he was put in charge of the side later in the year when Graham Donaldson was in hospital.
Although he didn't take any catches in the match, he did make a single stumping, stumping Jeff Crowe off the bowling of Steve Plumb.
Although he intended to spend the summer loafing and socializing with his friends (such as Ted), the need for spending money forces him to take a job as handyman for an iconoclastic, bohemian art teacher, Anna Trumbull, a former member of the "upper crust" who has lost both her fortune and her regard for the ideals of her upbringing.
Although he is an experienced accordionist with 60 years of experience, he is most noted for his spectacular costumes which sometimes take up to 100 hours of work.
Although he played in the 1989 Qualifying Final, Morgan didn't take any further part in Geelong's run to the grand final.
Although her film career didn't take off until she was well into her forties, she is regarded as one of China's most talented female directors.
Although his career was plagued by severe tarsal tunnel syndrome (a trapped nerve in his take off foot), he achieved relative success early in his track life.
Although his father Rajaraja III was still alive, Rajendra began to take effective control over the administration.
Although his fielding was praised, the Zimbabwean batsmen hit 26 runs from his four overs and he was unable to take a wicket.
Although his take on "No Sympathy" was not released on the original Old Sock studio album, it was made available as an online digital single and was released on the limited bonus track edition of the 2013 album.
Although indoor sporting events often take place after local sunset, these events are artificially lighted regardless of the time of day they take place.
Although in economic theory all goods are considered tangible, in reality certain classes of goods, such as information, only take intangible forms.
Although in Greece it was forbidden to take payment for pleading the cause of another, the rule was widely flouted.
Although initially his plan was to take a "director of operations" role (he cites Daniel Miller has his greatest influence), O'Connor and his label partner Peter Sutton (aka Female) found it increasingly difficult to find artists to share their vision, and to this day still work with the same core artists.
Although initially reluctant to take the job, she and Frasier soon become good friends.
Although instruments are still disallowed in most Eastern churches, organs have found their way into a few synagogues as well as secular venues where organ recitals take place.
Although it can survive without parasitizing other plants, individuals which take a host grow faster and larger.
Although it faced competition for members from the BACM, it remained the larger union in the department and retained official recognition until about 1970, but had to allow the BACM to take the lead on negotiations on pay and conditions.
Although it is not explicitly stated that the games take place in the same fictional universe, they share many of the same themes, plot elements, character and level designs, and weapons.
Although it may take several sessions to achieve a resolution, the technique is regarded as successful.
Although its title does say it's a festival of jeeps, a few take on the trails in 4x4 trucks.
Although Junoon's two other members, Ali Azmat and Brain O'Connell, left the band in 2005, Salman Ahmad continues to perform as a solo artist under the "Junoon" label and has moved to New York City after his solo career failed to take off in Pakistan.
Although Kabourek recorded alone, he would often take to the stage in Omaha and Lincoln with a variety of musicians including: Travis Sing, Matt Bowen, James Carrig, Bob Carrig, Jesse Otto, and Anthony Knuppel of Shelter Belt.
Although Kang is temporarily successful, the first villain in Marvel Comics to physically take over the world (as opposed through mind control, as Doctor Doom once accomplished by amplifying the powers of the Purple Man) he is opposed and eventually defeated by the Avengers.
Although Lau Kar-Leung is known for showing "real Kung-Fu" in his films, he does take some artistic license by incorporating elements of Taoist Maoshan folk magic with hand-to-hand combat.
Although Lookout Mountain Caverns has not been open to tourists for quite some time, the management of Ruby Falls did allow researchers to take the elevator (the shaft excavated in 1928-1929) down to Lookout Mountain Caverns by prior arrangement.
Although managing a mere three class wins, including an overall win at Spa 24 Hours, Freisinger would again take the N-GT championship in 2003.
Although many churches now take their services from Common Worship or other modern prayer books, if a church has a choir, Choral Evensong from the Book of Common Prayer often remains in use because of the greater musical provision.
Although "Marianne" failed to make a great impression on the national juries at Eurovision, it caught the attention of the United Kingdom's representative Cliff Richard, who later in the year would take an English-language version into the UK Top 30.
Although maximum lifespan would be a means of validating biomarkers of aging, it would not be a practical means for long-lived species such as humans because longitudinal studies would take far too much time.
Although Morison may not have literally drawn the design, his influence on its concept was sufficient that he felt that he could take credit for it as "my one effort at designing a font".
Although most years have seen a one-night celebration, the third year saw three events take place over two weekends.
Although named in Scotland's 22 man squad for Switzerland, Scotland decided to take only 13 of the 22 to the finals.
Although NERVA engines were built and tested as much as possible with flight-certified components and the engine was deemed ready for integration into a spacecraft, much of the U.S. space program was canceled by Congress before a manned mission to Mars could take place.
Although Nolan once wrote to Sunday Reed to tell her to take what she wanted, he subsequently demanded all his works back.
Although not all of these words take the ablative case in every context, all of them do take it some of the time.
Although not five-year plans did not take up the full period of time assigned to them, some of the plans were failed and abandoned whilst some completed successfully.
Although, or despite having heard in Falmouth of the pending peace treaty with France the prisoners attempted to take over the ship.
Although other freeware games similar to Geometry Wars exist, GridWars eventually became so popular that Bizarre emailed Incitti and asked him to take the game down, citing that they were "beginning to feel the Geometry Wars clone's effects on our sales via Microsoft now and are beginning a process to begin to more robustly protect our copyright and intellectual property".
Although paid professionals may take leading roles, amateurs do too.
Although preparations had been made to resist a siege, including the destruction of outlying suburbs which might offer cover to the attackers, the appearance of Kirke's forces shook Barret's confidence and he immediately opened negotiations to turn over the town in exchange for being able to take his 1,400 men westwards to rejoin the Jacobite army.
Although primarily focused on football, the Foundation considers it a plus if other sports and games take place.
Although Rachel is older than Becky, it was Becky who entered the sport first: she persuaded Rachel to take up cycling, with the hope of the pair representing Wales in the team sprint at the 2014 Commonwealth Games - however these hopes were dashed when the event was removed from the Glasgow games' schedule.
Although Richards plays guitar and added backing vocals towards the end of this track, he is noted to not have liked the direction in which Jagger was trying to take the band with disco-like compositions, although this may have been exaggerated by the press and Richards' hard-rock-oriented image.
Although scheduled to take his seat on 22 May 2013, he was elected in a recount on 5 April to the vacancy caused by the resignation of Wendy Duncan to contest the Legislative Assembly seat of Kalgoorlie.
Although segregation may take place during weekday events, family-integrated churches are generally united in having children in the main worship service.
Although several other revenue streams also generate revenue (such as theatrical exhibition, home video, television broadcast rights and merchandising) theatrical box office earnings take prominence, mostly because of the availability of the data compared to sales figures for home video and broadcast rights, but also because of historical practice.
Although Sexton was already suspended from the team at the time due to erratic behavior stemming from the disease, including failing to take a drug test, and unusual behavior in practice.
Although short term horizons such as end of day, end of week, end of month matter in accounting, generally it is mere summing-up and the simplest mark to market processes that take place at these short term horizons.
Although shot single-camera like most Canadian comedies, this series was shot on videotape and contains a laugh track rather than making use of the usual live audience because most scenes take place outdoors.
Although social proof reflects a rational motive to take into account the information possessed by others, formal analysis shows that it can cause people to converge too quickly upon a single distinct choice, so that decisions of even larger groups of individuals may be grounded in very little information (see information cascades).
Although some luxury trains (such as the Maharajas' Express) promote tourism in destinations across a continent, others take passengers on a long, leisurely ride through a single country.
Although songwriter Tommy Shaw and fellow Styx guitarist James Young usually played lead guitar on their own compositions, Shaw asked Young if he could take the solo on "Renegade".
Although students are required to take courses to fulfill their academic requirements, the students have a choice of a variety of classes to fulfill said requirements.
Although the 133 member assembly was theoretically formed on 17 March 1965, it was prematurely dissolved on March 24 without the members being given an opportunity to take oath.
Although the airport is primarily served by high-wing singles, a Cessna 310 was able to take off and land comfortably with clearance to side brush.
Although the album was initially planned to be released in August 2007, the band was unhappy with the mix and decided that a full remixing must take place before the album was to be released.
Although the attack gained ground, the Canadians did not take the strong point, but the assault was considered a successful diversion from the main attack on Courcelette.
Although the Australians were able to take some of the Chinese positions on the hill, they did not achieve all of their objectives and were eventually forced to withdraw after running out of ammunition.
Although the award was initially based on publications in the British Numismatic Journal, the regulations were widened in 2005 to take account of an author's entire publications in the field and to make non-members eligible for the award.
Although the band had lost members in the past, the loss of Aaron forced the band to take a break for a while to experiment with new sounds to suit one vocalist.
Although the band's subject matter was similar to previous releases (references to Aleister Crowley, Satanism and blasphemy), it also showed their first signs of interest in industrial music, a direction that they would take on future albums.
Although the book mostly keeps to alternative rock acts of the present day, as well as classic bands such as The Beatles while the most recent singles in the book take up most of the list, many artists who appeared expressed their achievement as a highlight of their career, with a small number writing on the Xfm official site and also in the book itself.
Although the British did take Fort Mercer a month later, the victory supplied a sorely-needed morale boost to the American cause, delayed British plans to consolidate gains in Philadelphia, and relieved pressure on General Washington's army to the north of the city.
Although the brothers created the band together, only Ryan remains, since Don left the band to take care of his family.
Although the cartoon takes place after the movies, Bob Gale has stated that the animated series and the comic books take place in their own 'what if' and alternate timelines and are not part of the main continuity.
Although the Center did not officially take sides during the revolution in Nicaragua, its work was described by The New York Times as "intensely political" and the aid it sent went largely to assist victims of the Contra War.
Although the change of leader sparked an almost instant upswing in Conservative support (which had been declining for the previous 18 months largely due to the poll tax) and ultimately saw them win the general election in April 1992, the Tories failed to take advantage of this by-election, polling at a mere 13.4% and failing to alter the political climate in a traditional Labor stronghold.
Although the competition takes place in Cyprus, the hosts have yet to take part in the competition.
Although the detective novel and other police-related entertainment had long enthralled audiences, the FBI itself can take some of the credit for its media prominence.
Although the drug is not explicitly mentioned, it is hypothesized that the album's extensive lecturing on proper psychophysical rituals inspired Huxley to take LSD as he laid on his deathbed.
Although the hero is a fairly typical representation of the romance novel archetype of the professor, the novel is slightly unusual for a romance in that the hero must convince the heroine to take a chance on love.
Although the idea of making the series into a serial drama did not fully take effect until April 2002, many of the stories in the latter half of the year were multi-part stories, some containing up to six episodes, such as the "Night Games" saga.
Although the incumbent Conservative government of Edward Heath polled the most votes by a small margin, the Conservatives were overtaken in terms of seats by Harold Wilson's Labor Party due to a more efficiently-distributed Labor vote, and the decision by Ulster Unionist MPs not to take the Conservative whip.
Although the line was opened for mineral traffic on 8 July 1889 to take coal from Rhondda to the Docks, the passenger service did not start until 16 March 1896 after much lobbying from local residents along the line.
Although the location is considered "in the country", it was close enough to Monroe for the children to take advantage of the city schools.
Although the name of the community and the town lent its name to the Woodstock Festival, that event did not take place in Woodstock.
Although the novel and original miniseries were both set in the 1970s, this version updates the story to take place in the 2000s.
Although the novel at times digresses into what may be characterized as a mere extended complaint about the subservient role women experience in Japan (most poignantly, as the protagonist realizes that her husband may very well forget her name as he grows dodderingly old), the work was prescient in that it foreshadowed the current demographic crisis facing Japan, i.e. a population rapidly entering old age without sufficient young workers to take care of the problems of advanced senescence.
Although theoretically dispatchable, certain thermal plants such as nuclear or coal are designed to run as base load power plants and may take hours or sometimes days to cycle off and then back on again.
Although the owners manual in the US states the vehicle may take a class I or class II trailer hitch, Audi no longer sells these in North America and aftermarket versions lower the ground clearance by two inches and involves cutting into the bumper, which the Audi hitch sold in Europe does not.
Although the party did not take part in any elections it did organize a number of public meetings and debates in Belfast and Newry.
Although the pilots of the One-Eleven tried to take avoiding action, a collision between the two aircraft occurred, killing the pilot of the Aztec and injuring his passenger.
Although the play was written in the 1960s, the action can easily take place in the present day.
Although the race was close in September, McDonnell began take a commanding leads in the poll heading into election day, when he defeated his opponent by a margin of 18 points.
Although there is no strict rule, generally the vowels in the dialect take the following forms.
Although there is often a formal reporting relationship to a head of state, the latter usually acts as a figurehead who may take the role of chief executive on limited occasions, either when receiving constitutional advice from the head of government or under specific provisions in a constitution.
Although the result was a fifth successive landslide victory for the Botswana Democratic Party, which won 29 of the 34 elected seats, the elections saw the opposition Botswana National Front make gains, winning both seats in the capital Gaborone and take control of all urban councils except Selebi-Phikwe in the simultaneous local elections.
Although the school mainly serves South Leamington, it also take pupils from Whitnash, Radford Semele and Bishop's Tachbrook, other areas of Leamington, and the Heathcote area of Warwick.
Although the second leg was canceled, Shadow of The City, a new festival curated by Jack Antonoff was still scheduled to take place.
Although the series is a crime drama, it does however take place within the continuity of the greater DC Universe.
Although the show features many other secondary characters, scenes never take place outside the canteen set, with other situations either being described by characters or (in the penultimate and final episodes) watched by the characters on a television.
Although the site itself was free, there were a number of additional features for paying subscribers, such as the ability to moderate your own forums, take part in competitions, upload more photos and remove on-site advertisements.
Although, the snappy titled often gives a clue to the content of each painting, it can take years of careful observation to discern all of the details in a single Fazzino image.
Although the songs have never gone out of style among traditional and jazz singers and musicians, a renewed popular interest in the Great American Songbook beginning in the 1970s has led a growing number of rock and pop singers to take an interest and issue recordings of them.
Although the Stationery Department, Mortgage Department and the branches did not take part in the strike, they supported the workers.
Although the summer solstice in the Northern Hemisphere officially occurs around the 21st of June, Conmee's festival would take place over the "Victoria Day" long weekend, at a location colloquially known as "Mokomon's Farm", where people would set up tents in the fields and meadows, local folk and rock music bands would provide entertainment, and local crafts persons would display their art.
Although the Supreme Court ruled in Texas v. Johnson (1989) that flag-burning was protected by the First Amendment, the bill was intended, according to the New York Times, to take the issue back to the Supreme Court, which was more conservative in 2005 than it was in 1989, in order to overturn that earlier decision.
Although the tour will technically take place between the musical's eleventh and twelfth anniversaries.
